{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 How do I sound? Press 1 if you see me hear me alright. Let me just turn my volume down a little bit here. I think I'm like really blasting it right now. Okay. I should sound pretty good okay. I should sound pretty alright now.\
\
Yeah. Sorry if that's a little bit loud. I think we're good now. There's an echo. Yeah. Basically, we're in a giant we're I'll I'll tell you I'll tell you in a second. How do we sound Jeff? Hey, Jeffrey. How do we sound?\
\
Okay. If there's some echo, I'm sorry, I think we'll be okay. But yeah, we are essentially in our brand new school which just opened up yesterday. Today is the first time that we actually are all working out of here today.\
\
Which is pretty cool. But yeah, we literally moved in here yesterday. So you remember in our first in our first session where we actually talked about how you remember the kickoff?\
\
Where where was I in the kickoff? In the kickoff, I was in a super, super empty I was in a super, super empty, what do you call it?\
\
Space. It was it was really dusty everywhere. Like, there was like no internet. We were like bringing in wires and ran into this. It was a construction site.\
\
Right? But now check this out. I'm I'm gonna go to the group shot here. Yo. Sales center invite? Group shot. Yo. Hey. So now we actually have some desks there, we got internet, we got a bunch of stuff now, and it's coming along.\
\
It's coming along slowly but surely, but surely pretty cool. And, yeah, I mean, it's just we're gonna continue we're gonna continue hanging out and streaming from this from this space here because now we're here.\
\
So every single week as I talk to you, you're hopefully gonna see more stuff happen behind me, more stuff kind of happen and be constructive.\
\
And also, we have a little video we made here. So I'm I'm gonna head there right now to kinda give you an idea of of this new space.\
\
Yeah. Yeah. So that's that. If you actually go to our Twitter right now, we released this video where we where we essentially joked that someone broke into our space.\
\
So I highly recommend if you got like a a moment right now, go go to our Twitter at underscore build space and and just give the latest video a retweet or something. But yeah, fucking Jeffree out here just always breaking into stuff.\
\
Yeah. If you didn't understand that joke, it's totally okay. Press 1 if you understood that joke. Press 2 if you didn't. Like the oh, man. The rock star should acquire us. Alright. Let's get to business. Very sorry for being late today.\
\
I was I was working on the presentation. This is actually like a very difficult presentation for me to make because there's so many like little rules and things that are just hard to kind of get across, but let's just head into it.\
\
Okay. Welcome to season 3 episode 10, marketing.\
\
My this is probably in my opinion, my favorite talk in all of nights and weekends because I love marketing. But before we talk about marketing, I wanna kind of AII wanna kind of talk about just 1 other thing.\
\
Just press f in the chat really fast for our fallen homies, everyone. Please just an f in the chat. We have so many we have about 500 people here today just amazing.\
\
There's a 500 people live sitting here in this room. But after the chat for our fallen homies, If you're sitting at your desk right now, just just a really quick salute, you know.\
\
Just just do it real quick. It'll feel it'll feel good. Just salute. Boom. Salute to our fallen homies. Who knows why they left? Maybe life got hard. Maybe they gave up. Who knows? Right? But we we we respect our fallen comrades.\
\
But, hey, I'm glad you are still here. Okay? And also, I wanna give a very quick a shout out. I always love shouting out like projects that I see that are kind of extra extra, like, interesting to me at least personally.\
\
And I wanna shout out this 1, chaos town because this 1 didn't get a lot of a a lot of attraction when it first launched, But I wanna show it to you now.\
\
1 second. Let me just make sure my mic's just Mike's are good here. Alright. Let me show you.\
\
I love living in Portland. It's my home. Can I get a pass in a I love living in Portland? It's my home. Can I get a paps in the Shonna James? You got it. But I hate the news. Which chores do you think are the very worst?\
\
It's all out of touch. It's the sound of Portland police curbing a shoplifting and other crimes in northeast Copaganda fear mongering. Some overdoses are hitting downtown Portland And it's just straight up lame.\
\
Portland itself is cool. We've got cheap weed, good music, deep history, and people who still think being weird is good. But Portland's news sucks, so we're here to change that. Gotta do a news. Chaos town. We take you there.\
\
Oh, my beer. First episode drops May nineteenth. See that. So that was someone from nights and weekends actually. The important which is it's fine. Alright. We're back. Cool. Alright. Cool. Sorry. But, yeah, now it's pretty cool.\
\
That's someone actually from nights and weekends. Which is which is pretty wild. That's chaos town. And by the way, this person, if you look at it, they only got, like, if if we look at their their numbers here.\
\
They only got 18 likes. Isn't that crazy? That they that they only got 18 likes But, hey, I want to show you something else that's pretty interesting.\
\
This person actually posted that same video on TikTok and went viral. They got 84000 views and 7900 new followers. So that's like a perfect example of how, you know, and wow, it's just it's it's it's boosting now.\
\
This is a like, I think everybody thinks that, oh, as far as just telling you to make shorts, he's telling me to show myself on these platforms that I hate.\
\
But if you think about it like, look at what can pop look at what happens when you give another platform Like, this was this person's first video ever, and it went viral.\
\
So like, you never know. I'll I'll just say like, In marketing, platform matters a lot, and you need to think deeply about the platform that you post on, but you also just need to try as many platforms as you can.\
\
Okay? That's like a perfect example of wow. Nobody gave a shit about what this guy was working on on Twitter. But over 85000 people watched his first video on TikTok, and he got like 8000 new followers.\
\
Like, that to me is insane. So, I highly recommend trying other platforms. If you're, you know, it's good to get good on Twitter, but I would try other platforms. Okay. I wanna start with a very simple exercise right now.\
\
I want you to tell me just actually don't even tell me just write it down on your computer or on a notepad. How many users did you end up with on April by April 20 third and how many users did you end up with by April thirtieth?\
\
I wanna know if you're winning. Remember last week we did this where I told you what were your last how many users did you have last week and how many uses did you have this week?\
\
Well, today, I want you to tell me, how many did you have week 2 and how many did you have week 3?\
\
And put that in the chat for me. 60 23, 9 to 0. How'd you go from 9 to 0? 28 to 62, 43 to 45. Hey, you have a sad face, but you actually did it.\
\
That's pretty good. You went up. It's better to at least go up. 15 to 44. 6 to them. Awesome. So this is amazing. I'm glad that all of you have these numbers off the top of your head. That's beautiful to see.\
\
You should clearly know if you're winning or not. Okay? If you don't know the answer is here, if you don't know the answer to this question, this is the first question you should be asking yourself is like, are you winning?\
\
And it's either yes or either no. Okay? We should always know if you're winning or not because then it's it tells you what you need to focus on next.\
\
So for example, if like you went from 0 to 0, you know exactly what you gotta do. If you went from like 10 users to 11 users, well, maybe you wanna focus more on launching marketing this week.\
\
Right? But I I always wanna for the next couple of weeks until night's significance is over, I'm gonna start every session like this.\
\
Right? I ask you, are you winning? And I ask you what your numbers are. Alright. And I wanna check out I wanna I wanna show you all something we talked about something fancy last week called the leaderboard.\
\
Right? So the leaderboard is actually still in progress on our on our end, but I want to show you what it's gonna look like. Or what it what it'll feel like.\
\
So let me show you. So we're gonna ship this. Check this out. It's pretty fucking cool. We are gonna ship this today. And or later today, but check this out. When I click here, what do you think is going to happen?\
\
Let's do it. Ready? Boom. So pretty much what we're going to do here is we're actually getting everybody everybody who submitted for week 3 and we're putting them on a massive leader board.\
\
And we're still actually working on verifying every entry, but hopefully, we'll have the majority of these entries verified by end of day today.\
\
So you'll actually be able to go on the build space OS and see how you're doing. So, yeah, it's pretty cool. So right now right now, it looks like we have Tripliner AI at the top Alteroc.\
\
Team Alteroc at number 1 at 53000 points which is pretty fucking crazy. But yeah, it looks like Alteroc is in first place right now. God Myers in end. But again, we haven't finished actually adding everybody yet.\
\
But once we do actually add everybody, we will send it over to you and then you'll actually be able to commend your name. And like actually see how you're doing. So for example, maybe you're building quickly.\
\
Right? Okay. You can just come out of your name and see how you're doing. So this is pretty cool. We're really excited about this and I know it's a really cool vibe. What do you think? But that's gonna ship later today, basically.\
\
That will ship later today. Pretty cool. Pretty cool. You know, how this is gonna work is every week for the next 3 weeks, as you submit your updates, we're gonna actually put that towards your points.\
\
So so yeah. What does R and You mean? R means the person is measuring revenue and you means the person is measuring users.\
\
You can only measure revenue users. So Alright, everybody. Let's talk about what we're actually here for marketing. I'm very sorry to start off late and then all this other stuff, but I have a lot of cool stuff to show you all time.\
\
So I hope I hope none of this is a waste of time. But let's talk about marketing. This is the thing that nearly everyone messes up. Seriously, nearly everybody messes this up.\
\
Let me tell you what people think when they imagine marketing. This is probably the first thing. They imagine news articles like this like, you know, blah, blah, blah, raises this money, launches this, like they imagine these articles.\
\
How many of you know what this is? This is mister Beast, in his viral marketing campaign for the the minions movie.\
\
Now nobody actually knows if this was actually a marketing campaign or if it's just like a funny meme he just made up. But a lot of people when they think of marketing, they think of like stuff like this.\
\
Like viral campaigns. Right? Another thing that people think of when they think of marketing is they think of Steve Jobs up on stage talking about the new iPhone.\
\
Right? Now, all of this is marketing. I'm not going to lie to you. It is marketing. But I think for you, this is not what marketing will look like.\
\
Okay? Marketing for you will likely look a lot more like this. It look it'll look like you making a tweet about what you're working on. And trying to show people why it's awesome.\
\
It'll look like you this is this is actually 1 of my posts from Hacker News in 20 18. I made I made this really cool deep learning library where you would give it like a video of a game and it would automatically use deep learning.\
\
To get highlights from it. Turns out nobody gave a shit and I got 1 point on Hacker News. But that's another This is actually how marketing will look for you.\
\
It'll it'll look like you completely flopping on hacker news and Reddit. It'll it'll essentially look like you posting and doing a lot of things and having very few things work basically.\
\
This is actually 2 things I found from from nights and weekends. Check out this thing on the left. Britz's whole marketing looks like. Just go go ahead and read that conversation on the left. This is exactly what marketing looks like.\
\
It looks like you hustling in the DMs, trying to figure out what people want, trying to see if they're interested in what you're doing, and trying to get them, you know, trying to trying to get them essentially curious about what you're what you're up to.\
\
But this is what marketing looks like.\
\
And another example of marketing on the right. Like this is a person who went into a WhatsApp group and then randomly was advertising their podcast. So these are all examples of what marketing will actually look like for you.\
\
And it turns out most of you have been marketing without knowing it. Almost all of you in this Twitch stream right now have probably already been marketing without knowing it.\
\
You've already been hustling in the DMs. You've already been tweeting Some of you are already making shorts on Instagram and YouTube shorts, etcetera.\
\
So honestly, you're already a marketer. And the the thing that I think that most people fuck up is they overthink marketing. They think that this is what they need to do when they market something.\
\
Right? But in reality, they actually just need to do this. Right? In reality, they actually need to do this. So you all are already actually marketing without knowing it.\
\
I mean, that's how we build nights and weekends to trick you into actually marketing yourself. Because I think if I had told you earlier, to go and market your product or your idea, I think most of you would have just fucked it all up.\
\
But because we actually we actually went a little bit backwards, where we didn't tell you we didn't tell you that you were marketing.\
\
But hey, congratulations. You're marketing. And You know, this is kind of an interesting thing. Most people will blame the failure of an idea due to lack of marketing. Press 1 if you know that person.\
\
Like you know that person that says something like this. The marketing team just didn't do enough. I didn't have money to advertise my idea. So if you press 1 if you know this person or press 1 if this person is you.\
\
I didn't have any money to advertise my idea, and that's why my idea failed. I just my marketing team sucked. I did everything right, but I did everything right, but the marketing team just didn't do enough, you know?\
\
And honestly, as you can probably expect me to say, to me, these really are just excuses. These are not real. Okay? To me, these are truly just excuses.\
\
And let me tell you why. Let me run like a little thought experiment with you all right now. I promise you for almost 99 percent of you in this chat right now, I can spend 1000000 dollars marketing your idea but it won't matter.\
\
What's gonna end up happening is you'll get a massive spike. You'll get a massive spike in users. Right? But then 1 of them will stick around, like how many of them will actually stick around.\
\
Right? So, yes, I can totally spend 1000000 dollars making you a fancy social making cool ad campaigns for you, getting 10000 new users to your product.\
\
But think about it like how many of them would actually stick around next week. Probably not that many. For a lot of you, it's probably not that many.\
\
So like I could literally run a Super Bowl ad for you and it won't matter. So then that's why I say these are just excuses. Because most of the time, marketing doesn't actually solve your problem.\
\
The number 1 problem that you have today is actually that you need to figure out how to make your thing better. Right? And this is kind of like a very clear way to put it.\
\
Marketing tactics, like classical marketing tactics, are really really good when you know that people know when you know people want your thing. For example, It's easy to market the iPhone because I know people want the iPhone.\
\
It's easy to market a a movie by Christopher Nolan because it's fucking Christopher Nolan who doesn't wanna watch 1 of his movies. And it's easy to market a new song by Drake.\
\
Right? Because you're drink. Like you're already famous. So it's easy to market these ideas. Right? So again, marketing tactics are really amazing when you know that people know what you want.\
\
But at this stage, you only need to be focusing on 1 thing you need to be focusing on learning how to make your thing better so that people stick around or pay you.\
\
So if you're a musician, Your number 1 problem right now is how do I make more music?\
\
And how do I get more people listening to my music? And how do I get more people sticking around listening to my music? You know, it's like, you have a bunch of these You have to solve all 3 of these problems.\
\
Same thing if you're like an engineer, same thing if you're like somebody working on like an app. Right? You need to actually at this stage, you should be hyper focused on learning how to actually get people to stick around.\
\
Chances are, majority of you are in this stage where right now you're getting like hundreds of new users, but then 0 of them stick around next week.\
\
Press 1 if like you had 10 new users last week, but then 0 came back this week. Like they were like, oh, it was cool, but then they never came back.\
\
And press 2 if someone came back. Chances are for a majority of you, no one's going to come back. And that's okay. That's okay. If people are coming back, amazing. I'm happy for you.\
\
But remember, it's okay. You're just starting I fully expect you to go get a hundred people this week and then rather last week for a hundred new people to come in and then 0 people to stick around because you're just starting.\
\
But then what your goal is every single week, some more and more people stick around. Like, maybe next week, 5 people stick around. Maybe the week after that, you know, 8 people stick around.\
\
Maybe the week after that, 20 people stick around, you know? Cark Beyond says we have 500 users and 30 are returning users. Amazing. So you have 500 new users, and 30 of them stuck around.\
\
I think a lot of people get really depressed when they see that, wow, a hundred people used my product or checked out my song or checked out thing, but then nobody came back next week.\
\
Well, I mean, how can you expect them to come back? What did you do to get them back? They're not going to magically come back to you, you know?\
\
You must This is a massive, massive learning for me and like screenshot this, write this down, like I don't know what you got to do, but you must be okay with people dropping off initially.\
\
This is not because you're a failure or because you've built something shitty.\
\
It's just because you're starting. Okay? When you're starting, it's a miracle if even 10 percent of people stick around. Okay? It's a miracle. And you need to know that this isn't you being this isn't you failing.\
\
This is part of the process. Now, what I would consider a failure is if for 6 weeks in a row, you continuously got new people to check it out and 0 people came back the next week.\
\
You know what I mean? That's kind of like, that's kind of your failing. But in this case, you just start it. Like, don't be so hard on yourself and I I know I know personally how how hard it is.\
\
So don't get don't don't get me wrong. I This is a lesson that took me years and years to learn. So because I always thought that if people weren't magically coming back to use my thing, then I was it was a bad idea.\
\
But it wasn't. It's just starting it. I need to iterate on it. I need to involve the idea. I need to like figure out the magic that's actually gonna get people to come back.\
\
Like, if you're a musician and you're making indie pop music and you get 500 listeners this week, but you get zeroed next week, well, you need to ask yourself the question, like, did I do anything to get those 500 people back this week?\
\
You know what I mean? Did you send them an Are you texting your users? Are you What are you doing to stay in touch with them? So all of these we're going to talk about by the way.\
\
And I guess to kind of put it in numbers. For people in the chat right now, if even 10 percent of people who checked out your thing week 1 are coming back again week 2, that is a massive w.\
\
Maybe we can do a quick poll. Many people are coming back to your product from week 1 to week 02:10 percent or less than 10 More than 10 percent or less than 10 percent.\
\
If you're more than 10 percent, I think you're already doing pretty good. If you're less than 10 percent, well, you kinda know what you gotta do.\
\
To increase that number. And let me just read this. Before I tell you the secret, let me just read this poll. So it looks like for most of you, it is oh, what what are these signs greater than less than?\
\
I'll I'll be with you all. I don't remember how these signs work. I'm I it's been a while since I've been to school. Oh, God. I don't know how this works. I myself don't know how to answer this poll.\
\
I feel like an idiot. Moving on moving on. Let me tell you a secret, everybody. Marketing marketing is about isn't isn't about blowing up once on TikTok or making commercial. Marketing is about building audience.\
\
So for the rest of this presentation, for the rest of the next 3 weeks of nights and weekend, If anybody ever tells you the word marketing, I want you to ignore everything that you know about marketing, I want you to think of 1 thing.\
\
Marketing equals building audience. That's all marketing is. Don't think about marketing as anything else. Marketing is building audience. Marketing is not a fancy commercial.\
\
Marketing is not like a biotic dog. So, just whenever I use the word marketing because I will use the word marketing a lot in this presentation and for the next 3 weeks, I need you to remember that marketing equals building audience.\
\
There's a very big reason that I haven't used the word marketing until week 4 of nights or week 4 of nights and weekends.\
\
It's because everybody always fucks it up and their preconceived notions of what marketing is usually lead them astray. So Damn, that was kind of poetic what I just said.\
\
Right? And sometimes I see the dormiest things, but then sometimes I don't know what greater than or and less than is. So, yeah. And I think a lot of you may be thinking about this a lot of you may be thinking this.\
\
Farza, why would I go and market something? If everyone who I'm marketing to and and everyone using my product is just dropping off anyways. Why would I ever market something if everybody is just dropping off anyways?\
\
This is a very good question. And the answer is, it's because each week, every single week you need new people checking out what you're working on, and you need them to give you you need them to give you fresh feedback.\
\
I I can't stress to you all enough how many years this took me to learn. I was always asking this question, why would I ever market something like if everyone is just dropping off, I need to spend more time building.\
\
I need to spend more time making perfect song. I need to spend more time making the perfect game. I need to spend more time making the perfect app. Like the reason everyone is dropping off is because my thing isn't perfect.\
\
No. That's not why. The reason is is because each week, what actually needs to happen is you need to progressively evolve. And in order to do that, you constantly need, you constantly need a brand new source of feedback.\
\
So, why are you marketing? You're marketing because every week, you need new people checking out what you're working on, and getting them to give you feedback. That is why you're marketing.\
\
Okay? Drill this into your brains and maybe some of you all don't believe me right some of maybe some of you all are like, I don't know what this guy is saying. I don't I don't believe him, but I mean, Yeah.\
\
I learned this the hard way. I The reason this presentation is so is my favorite is because these are the things that took me years to learn the hard way. And I kinda wanna tell you all the cheat codes right now.\
\
So wait. You're telling me that I gotta market my thing only for 99 percent of people to never come back Farza. Why would I ever waste my time marketing 99 percent people aren't gonna come back.\
\
Chat, can you ask can you answer this question? I feel like at this point, it should be obvious what the answer is. Right? What is the answer to this question? If somebody asks you this question. Hey, why would I ever market?\
\
Why would I do this? Oh, I love that answer to get the 1 percent who stick around. Damn. That was a good answer. Who who said that? Who said that first? Whoever said that, that's a great answer. But yeah, exactly.\
\
You're doing this so you can get the 1 percent that actually gives a shit And then over time, what ideally happens is each cycle when you run the build measure or the build launch measure learn cycle, as you do that, As you run this cycle each time you'll improve.\
\
You'll go from 1 percent to 2 percent, from 2 percent to 3 percent, over time, you'll get really good at getting people to come and actually check out what you're working on and then getting them to stick around.\
\
But that's how this works. Over time, you'll approve and you'll keep people around.\
\
And then this is actually a question somebody emailed me. They said, Farza, why is marketing not in the build, create, launch learn loop. Why is it not in the build create launch learn loop?\
\
Well luckily it's actually built in. Marketing is literally built in to 1 of steps, which is launch. Again, we at build space are very careful with the words that we teach you. We never taught you the word marketing until now.\
\
The reason is, is because we wanted you to already start marketing before you even learned what marketing was. So launching is, in my opinion, 1 of the best forms of marketing in the world.\
\
It's today, build space has never actually done any marketing. We've never done any classical marketing in the sense of like, we've never really run ads we've never really paid for users. We've never really done much of that stuff.\
\
We kinda just like just keep launching shit. All build space does as a company is we just launch to launch, launch, launch, we launch new videos, we launch new seasons, we launch new merch, which which which always launch it.\
\
And remember, just to remind you where launching is, launching equals create something plus getting other people to give a shit about it.\
\
Right? It's both. It's both creating and getting people to give a shit. And remember, every everything that happens Is an opportunity for a launch? I need you all out to channel. I need you all to channel your inner Steve jobs.\
\
You know? Maybe not the Steve Jobs that was mean, but maybe the Steve Jobs that was just a boss at like marketing and convincing people. And then showing people what what he was working on.\
\
Think when you think when I think about Steve Jobs, I always think about like how he would launch stuff. Right? He would always launch I remember him launching the iPhone, launching Pod, launching the Macbook.\
\
I need you all to kinda channel your industry jobs. So if you're working on music, I need you to launch like that music as if it's the last thing you'll ever launch.\
\
But I think what I'm trying to get at here is every opportunity every update you make to your thing week over week is an opportunity for a launch.\
\
If tomorrow, you change the color of a button on your website. Fuck it. Go and launch that. Make a big tweet about it like introducing my my new colored button.\
\
There's nothing wrong with that. Use every opportunity for a launch because you most of you all are probably gonna fail, not because you didn't launch, but not because you didn't launch enough.\
\
You know what I mean? Oh, so I'm not saying most of you will fail. I guess statistically most of us will fail in general, but I think most of most people in general have seen fail because they just don't launch enough.\
\
They overthink what is good enough for a launch. Like, literally everything that you can possibly think of is a launch. Think about some Maybe we do a quick thing today.\
\
What is something you all did today with your idea? Did you update it? Did you Did you add something to it? Go to the book. Tell me the chat. What is something new that you created this week, basically?\
\
For your idea. I worked on the app and I added a button. Amazing. I need you to take a screenshot of that button and I need you to talk about that button online as if it's the coolest button of all time.\
\
Okay? Like, this new pun is gonna change the world. Like, maybe not that intense, but you need to kinda talk about these changes. You may think that no 1 cares, but over time people will care.\
\
I fixed a PayPal bug. Amazing. You fixed a bug. You should go talk about that. Like, we just fixed a bug that was really stopping our users from doing payments. It's fixed now. You should talk about that. That's amazing.\
\
That's a launch. So we got accepted into the app store. That's amazing. Perfect opportunity for a launch. You know? I got I got I got the register button working. Amazing. Perfect opportunity for lunch. And so check this out.\
\
So far, most of you, maybe Could you all tell me in chat where you've launched so far? My feeling is most of you have probably launched so far on Twitter, LinkedIn, TikTok, Instagram, Instagram, or maybe like product hunt, I'm guessing.\
\
I'm guessing most of you all probably are using 1 of these or probably done 1 of these.\
\
Yeah. Okay. So most of you have done this. Amazing. This is beautiful that you've that you've even launched on here. By the way, what I call these these things are channels. So I'm gonna start using the word channels a lot.\
\
A channel is a place where you can launch. Okay? That's all a channel is. It's a place where you can launch. And yeah, TikTok, LinkedIn, Twitter are great channels to build a following and keep launching.\
\
They're great channels and you should continue being very, very, very, very active on these channels. But you wanna slowly start finding channels over these next couple of weeks that are more specific to you.\
\
When you think of Twitter or LinkedIn or TikTok, it's kind of like screaming in the middle of a street to get people to care. Okay? It's almost like you're just like, I don't know.\
\
Let let me give you an example. Okay. That is what for majority of people, Twitter and LinkedIn and TikTok is like. It's literally like screaming, in the middle of a street and getting people to care. And look, honestly, that's okay.\
\
You should keep doing this because what I just did, is what you gotta do, you just gotta keep hustling. You know, you gotta keep hustling to make it happen. So But I think you also want to increase your chances of people caring.\
\
So like right there, you know you you you saw what I just did? I was just screaming at them. Right? I was just screaming at them. But you need to slowly figure out how to better target your audience.\
\
Okay? So like, okay, I went up to Jeffrey right there and I scream in his face to use my app. But you know, maybe Jeffrey doesn't even have doesn't even care about new apps. Like, how do I know that Jeffrey cares?\
\
You need to figure out how to find people that actually care about what you're working on. You need to go to the channels where your potential users are hanging out. This is actually very classical advice.\
\
Nothing I'm saying here is like that crazy. Some of you all have probably even heard this before if you follow like classic startup marketing tactics, but this is kind of what the classic advice is.\
\
The classic advice is go where your potential users are hanging up. So let me run a very quick example with you all.\
\
Let's say you're working on a fitness tool. There are literally hundreds of places where you can hundreds of channels, where you can talk about your new fitness tool, you can show you can go to Reddit.\
\
You can go to R slash fitness. You can literally show up to a physical gym and start asking people 1 by 1 to use your tool.\
\
You can go to fitness Facebook pages. You can make a TikTok about fitness. There are actually hundreds of places where you can talk about your channels, where you can talk about your fitness tool.\
\
Let's do another 1. Let's say you're making new hip hop music. Again, there are hundreds of places where you can talk about your stuff. R slash hip hop heads, which is their subreddit for hip hop. You can go to the Kanye West forums.\
\
Believe it or not, people are still using the the Kanye West forums. Forgot what they're called. I used to go to them. I'm I'm blanking on the name. Josh, you remember the Kanye West forums? What are they called? I forgot.\
\
There's like a famous Kanye West forum. You can go to WhatsApp groups for new music. There are literally hundreds of hip hop Discords Go in there and talk about your music there. Let's say you're building an AI tool for teachers.\
\
There are, again, hundreds of channels that you can go to. You can go to a Facebook group with teachers. Most teachers actually talk in Facebook groups. You can call the school directly. That's not the best idea, but try it out.\
\
Call the school directly. You can go to a website like teachers pay teachers. Is like a really big community of teachers who sell each other stuff. There are hundreds of places, and what you gotta do is you gotta find the place.\
\
You gotta figure it out. You know, when I was first starting or just a quick story, when I was first working on zip homeschool, which is the homeschooling company that I used to run.\
\
There were I mean, I was 22, I didn't have any kids, I didn't know a single person homeschooling in my own life.\
\
So what I did was I went to Facebook and I typed in homeschooling. And I literally joined a hundred groups in 1 day for homeschooling.\
\
And immediately, I got hundred groups now where I could potentially find new people to check out what I was working on. So just an example just an example of something you could do if you wanted to.\
\
So, yeah. I remember I was also working on what what was it? 1 more second. I was working on Remember that the that augmented reality menu app I was showing you all that me and Alec used to work on? Me Alec and Evan actually, 3 people.\
\
We would go door to door in San Francisco to restaurants to try to get them to give a shit. Because the only way that you could actually get in touch with most restaurant owners is by literally just going to the restaurant.\
\
So let me run a quick thought experiment with with you all right now. What's I want you to write down maybe 2 or 3 channels in the chat right now that are very specific to what you're working on. Just like I did here, right?\
\
I laid out some channels. What are some channels that would work for you? Go go ahead and lay out a couple just think about it a sec maybe and then write it down. You know, maybe you're working Oh, a WordPress community for Slack.\
\
Okay. Medical schools. Okay? Can we get more specific? Facebook AI groups, startups, subreddit, NFC Discord, gym fitness, Instagram, r slash web dev, gaming discord server, the YC subreddit, hostels?\
\
What are you hostels? What's that? Non profits that focus around autism, beautiful. These are all great. I love it. These are really, really good.\
\
But, yeah, that's great. Like, I think you all are already thinking about it the right way, where you're already thinking above just these channels. Right? You're already thinking above just Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram, etcetera.\
\
Again, I'll say it again and again. You still need to care about these these channels, you cannot stop you cannot stop hustling on these channels, but you definitely need new channels that are much more specific to you.\
\
Otherwise, You just go You're gonna look like me outside, just screaming at Jeffrey, you know?\
\
So And by the way, in reality, there are probably an endless number of channels. Again, I kind of said it here, if you're working on a fitness tool, there's probably hundreds of thousands of channels for you to pursue.\
\
Right? But in reality, you want to find the 1 to 2 channels that you can repeat. And master. Because it's really hard to continuously find new and new and new channels.\
\
Right? But what I recommend is finding a couple of channels that are very specific to you and continue working. So for example, let me run a very quick example with you all here.\
\
What do I mean? Maybe you're working on this fitness tool and you find that going to gyms and talking to people outside the gym is actually the most effective way that you found to get users.\
\
Amazing. There are literally hundreds of thousands of millions of gyms probably in the world, you can just literally go to every single 1 of them. It's very repeatable, right? It's repeatable because there are so many gyms in the world.\
\
If you're working on hip hop music, maybe you find there's like thousands and thousands of hip hop Discord. Amazing. You found a place that's very repeatable because there's thousands of these hip hop discords.\
\
And but that's kind of how I think about it. In reality, there are so many channels and you don't want to burn yourself out by every single week trying like a brand new channel like that's like wildly different.\
\
That's what you'll have to do in the beginning, but eventually you want to eventually find 1 to 2 channels and master them.\
\
Let me give you an example. This is actually a story that very few people know about and I think will be really helpful to what you all are doing.\
\
Build space started out as something that it was no bigger than what you all are working on today right now. You know what I mean?\
\
Billspace started out like this. I remember this was it, July 20 seventh. I I found the tweet. 07/27/2021 launching something new today, build space, project based course, for developers that there's a fucking typo in there.\
\
That's crazy. For that that don't suck. Pickup new tech by joining live sessions led by awesome instructors plus actually write code and shipped it brought.\
\
So different. Right? This is completely different from what we do today. But this is what we were working on back then. And by the way, the this OG image updated, this wasn't our OG image.\
\
So we were not doing the 6 week thing we were not doing the build your ideas thing. We were doing something very, very specific, which was go and build new things with emerging tech.\
\
That was our thing. And then here on the right you can see I made another tweet. I said, wow, like the build space discord is going vroom. Learn by building.\
\
You know? So this is kind of how it started. Right? This is how it launched. Now, believe it or not, this actually only got us around 80 users. I still remember like we didn't get that many users from this launch. Like any users.\
\
And because that's how Twitter like, Twitter isn't that dependable. Twitter when it works is really, really cool, but it's just it's just not that dependable sometimes. You always give it a shot but naturally, it wasn't that dependable.\
\
So, while we get 80 users, can you believe that? So what would you all have done next if you were in my shoes? If you were in my shoes and now you had 80 users how would you get more users?\
\
Where would you get more users from? That's my question to you. Tell me, Chad, what would you do? I want to hear it. I want to hear your great ideas to market build space. Referals? Refoles Oh my God. I hate referrals.\
\
Everybody always thinks referrals work. Referals only work. When you actually have something good. If you don't have something good, referrals don't work. This is my opinion and this is something I've learned many times.\
\
If you don't have something good, you should not depend on referrals. Give me real channels. Give me some channels. Give me some legit shit. Let's go. What are some legit channels that I could market build space to?\
\
The version of build space, at least, that you see here. What are some channels that I can market build space to? Hackathons. Love it. That's a great idea. Google search, I don't know what that means.\
\
Partner with a newsletter. Love it. Partner with universities love it. Partner with WeWorkpaces, love it. Indie hackers podcast. I like it. Post on r slash entrepreneurship. I like it. Post on Hacker News.\
\
These are all beautiful. These are all amazing. So let me tell you what we actually did. We decided when we have these users, to only focus on students in college, interested in making side computer science projects.\
\
We were very, very, very specific, initially. We only focused on people in college who were interested in making computer science side projects. And here's what we do. What we do is actually ridiculous.\
\
What we eventually found was that every single college had a discord server for their computer science department, every single college So I remember we would spend forever, like trying to find every single school's Discord server, basically.\
\
And it took us like for some sometimes it took us like 20 minutes for every school because like you have to like figure out how to find their Discord server because it's like usually private.\
\
But we kind of hustled our way and found our way into the discord servers of like 50 to a hundred schools.\
\
And then what we did was we actually made these custom landing pages for every school where I I said build space XNYU Built space X, Michigan State University.\
\
By the way, we had no partnerships with these schools. We literally just made it up. And then we went to the college Discord servers and we said, hey, we made this cool landing page for your school.\
\
Don't you want to tell your students about it? And then that's it. Once they hit that landing page, they could join the discord server.\
\
And what we did was, that was our channel. It was college, computer science department discord servers. So for every discord server, there was probably like 1000 to 2000 students in those discord servers.\
\
And whenever we launched with a discord server, we would get around 20 new users. So from there, the math is very simple, right? You have 20 you get 20 users per discord server.\
\
What do you do next? Once you know that, and there's thousands of college computer science discord servers. And you get 20 users per discord server. What do you do next? You literally just repeat.\
\
You keep on doing the same thing over and over again. And that's exactly what we did. We literally hustled across like 5200 servers and made a bunch of these landing pages and got a thousand this is how we got our first thousand users.\
\
This is how we got our first thousand users. We discovered a brand new channel, and we mastered that channel and we repeated that channel.\
\
That's it? And by the way, while we were doing this, when we were first starting build space and we were hustling, I made 1 thing very clear to my and everybody else who was working on this with me.\
\
It's that we would probably end up losing 90 percent of people we would probably end up losing 90 percent of the people who are joining. But if even 50 people stuck around by the end, it means that we were onto something.\
\
Right? So even back then, even way back then in the old build space days, we didn't try super hard to retain our audience. All we said was, let's keep on trying to get more people to check this out.\
\
Every single week, and then every single week, let's make it better with their feedback. And then, hopefully, every single week, the thing gets better and more people stick around.\
\
I think something that a mistake I don't want you to make is I don't want you to try and focus on retaining people. I want you to focus more at this stage on just making something that's just better.\
\
If your music is just better, more people will stick around and listen to your music. If this thing called build space is just better, More people will just stick around and continue using build space.\
\
That's how we thought about it, where it's like, as long as we may have our thing better, more people would stick around every single week.\
\
That was our philosophy. And that's also the philosophy of many companies today. At this stage, you don't want to get too distracted with focusing on retention because it's a very, very, very, very complicated and difficult problem.\
\
Instead, all I want you to focus on today is trying to get like 50 to a hundred people to stick around by just making something better.\
\
How do you know what is better? Well hopefully every week as you show what you're working on to new people, more people are even more excited by it. They're even more interested in it.\
\
They use it even more. Right? So how do you know it's better? Very simple. Is your number going up? Is your score going up? Remember that Google sheet I gave you all? Like Google sheet I gave you all where you see it shows your graph.\
\
That's how you know it's better if your graph is going up. If your graph is going up generally, you're on a good track. But that's that's that's how I kind of think about it. And by the way, I know I know this feeling.\
\
I know it really hurts to hustle so hard for your users that you're just gonna end up losing. But I'm sorry. You gotta optimize for learning right now and you gotta just work on improving your thing.\
\
Press 1 if you've ever been hurt. By this concept of like, you hustled so hard to get your users. Like, you hustled in Discord servers and DMs. You, like, made all the connections but then they ended up just leaving anyways.\
\
It ended up being a waste of time. Well, if you're pressing 1, what I want you to know is it wasn't it wasn't a waste time because you got them, they checked it out, and then they left.\
\
It's a waste of time if you didn't learn anything. If you did learn something, then it was not a waste of time, then you learned something, you got something out of it.\
\
So Also I know over time now by about 3 minutes. You know, boat space always Always taking taking taking time. But I have something for you all today.\
\
It's an exercise to help you think about marketing a little bit better. And give me a sec. Before we do the exercise, I want to show you how it works. It's very simple, very, very simple exercise that I think will help you a lot.\
\
So pretty much, it's his Google sheet. It's a Google sheet where you, where you will essentially talk about some you essentially write down a channel and an idea.\
\
So for example, like maybe your channel is Twitter, and 1 of your ideas is to tweet about some new feature you're working on, right?\
\
But then what's interesting about this, let me make a copy here, What's interesting about this is I want you to also do a label. And again, there's no link right now. I'll get you to link in a moment. Just focus on watching me for now.\
\
For every channel and idea, I want you to write down how much effort it would take to actually do this idea. Is it low effort? Is it medium effort? Is it high effort? And then finally, I want you to kind of write down the impact.\
\
Is it high impact, medium impact, or low impact? So for example, Twitter, tweet about posting tweet about this new feature with a demo video. This is very low effort and it's very high impact. Red, post on r slash startups.\
\
It's kind of medium effort and high impact. And you want to generally stay away from stuff like this. Where it's high effort and low impact. For example, here's 1 right here. This 1 is this 1 is This channel is IRL offices.\
\
Walk to the Airbnb HQ and see if the CEO will buy my product. This is a very high effort activity, and it's very low impact, because at best, you maybe get the CEO of Airbnb to be your customer.\
\
Maybe, it's super, super low impact. But again, 1 more time, you want to do things that are low effort and high impact. So here's my here's my challenge to you all. I want you you all to write down Maybe like 9 ideas here.\
\
9 ideas for new channels that you can launch on that are very specific to you, like first, write down Magazines. And at the end, go ahead and label them like, okay, like how much effort would this be?\
\
How much impact would it be? And that's it. That's all I want you all to do kinda right now. And also, last time we we what do you call it? We broke Google Sheets.\
\
So this time we had a beautiful magical idea that, you know, completely fixes the problem. What we actually did was we made 3 Google sheets. We made 3 versions of the same Google sheet. Called marketing 1, marketing 2, and marketing 3.\
\
And they're all the same. And then just just pick a random 1. So, Alec, maybe you can throw in those 3 links right now, please chat. Pick a random 1 of the 3. And if 1 of them doesn't work, Try out some other 1.\
\
Okay. So don't click marketing 1. Maybe some of you click marketing 1. Now, some of you click marketing 2. And now some of you click marketing 3. Okay? And then hopefully hopefully you can you can get us to work.\
\
And once you're here by the way, go to file and then make a copy. And you want to make a copy to your own works days. If it worked for you, please drop a kappa in the chat. Thank you.\
\
If by the way, it's emotes only right now, so you can't actually chat. It's emotes only. If it were drop a kappa, if it didn't, drop a bible thump, And if you don't know what those are, I'm sorry, this is heavy Twitch culture.\
\
If it didn't work for you, please try 1 of the other 3. 0, it's working. Let's go. We're so creative here at build space.\
\
We're so creative. Alright, everybody, go ahead and spend maybe a couple of minutes on this, I'm going to put on some lo fi, I'm gonna put on a little bit of Lofi, you know, because we we we love the Lofi here.\
\
And go and work on this for about Maybe like 10 minutes. Sorry, maybe like 5 minutes max. But again, very simple. First, write down 10 new channels and ideas and then go ahead and label them at the end.\
\
Okay? So let's we're gonna take maybe 3 to 5 minutes here. Good luck. And Maybe just 2 more minutes here, everybody, 2 more minutes. Alright. So So we should be in a good spot now.\
\
Let me head back here. So you all should be in a pretty good spot now. We can turn off emotes now. You all should be in a pretty good spot now. If you're not done, don't worry. You have all the time in the world to do this.\
\
But when you think about what you wanna do this week, In terms of launching, I would I would really try your best to to pick a couple of things that you wrote here that were high effort and low impact.\
\
Does this person just ask for an invite to the nights and weekends discord server in week 4? What the I don't know. I don't know if I want to give you the invite. See, it's week 4.\
\
But hopefully that was helpful everybody and Yeah. Like, I think overall, the biggest lesson from that little exercise that I want you to take away is to do activities it comes to marketing that are high effort and low impact.\
\
And by the way, it's hard to measure impact, but you have to kind of just predict and guess a little bit.\
\
Right? You won't really know what's high impact until you actually try it, but you can guess. You know what I mean? So Oh, sorry, low effort. You want to do things that are low effort, high impact.\
\
Sorry if I messed up my words there. My my number 1 learning when it comes to marketing And by the way, everybody, I got like 4 more minutes of words, and then I'm going to talk about Dubai and SF.\
\
Press 1 if you're excited about Dubai and SF. But my number 1 learning when it comes to marketing, is to be authentic. Please, do not try to seem more legit than you are.\
\
It's cringe. I need you all to be authentic. Some of you all are on Twitter are going viral, and it's not it's 1 because you're building something really cool, but then 2, you're just being authentic. This is a tweet from 08/09/2021.\
\
This is back when I had like 4000 followers, 3000 followers, like a very small number of followers. And but followers are amazing nonetheless. And this is a this is a tweet I did, setting up our first live stream on build space.\
\
This is the first live stream we ever did for build face. And look how Jake it looks. I remember this was at Alec's house. Alec was playing guitar making me tea. It was a good ass time. But look how authentic this is, you know?\
\
This is super super authentic. Yeah. I guess 4000 isn't small But I guess we're at 111000 now, so it just seems small. Prospect. But see, this is the this is authentic marketing in my opinion. We weren't even trying to market.\
\
We were just trying to be authentic. And to this day, I built space, when you see who we are, that's all we try to do. We don't try to convince you to use space. We're just authentic and if you want to check it out, you can.\
\
And by the way, being this early is a superpower. I think a lot of you right now are what I hear a lot is a lot of people are embarrassed by what they have, like, oh, like, how could I ever show other people?\
\
It's not ready yet, you know. But honestly, it's like being this early is a superpower because you have the ability to get other people to check out what you're working on when it's barely even exists yet. The stakes are so low for you.\
\
And that's a superpower. So again, don't be embarrassed, it's okay to have stuff that's jank, it's okay to have stuff that seems shitty, seems unfinished, because the people who are going to check it out right now are okay with that.\
\
And of course, remember marketing equals building audience. Don't forget that. And, I have a little subtitle at the bottom, This is something that FERCon taught me.\
\
So FERCon was a past speaker on a FERCon was a speak was was a past speaker on nights and weekends. Fergon taught me that building audience equals top of funnel plus keeping existing users.\
\
Is anybody know what top of funnel is? I know top of funnel is like a very techie term, but top of funnel is essentially new users, like fresh users. It's like fresh users that you get each week and then you have your existing users.\
\
So think about it. When you think about Think about mister mister beast. Mister beast does 2 things really well. He keeps his existing users but he's really good at adding new users.\
\
And as he does that, he actually built his audience. If all mister Beast did, was never keep existing users, mister Beast would not be as big as he is today. Same thing with your favorite artist, with your favorite director.\
\
With your favorite products. They know how to keep you around but they also know how to add new people to the funnel and they knew they know how to add fresh users every week.\
\
And like I said earlier, I highly recommend that you all spend time figuring out top funnel first.\
\
I would not try to spend too much time right now on learning how to keep existing users because This is just my opinion, or again, take it with a grain of salt, you may disagree with this.\
\
But my opinion is right now, your more difficult problem is just getting anybody to give a shit about what you're working on, like anybody.\
\
And I think once you get your first 100 to 300 users, from there, slowly focus more on, you know, how do I keep them around? So, Yeah. Because I think marketing for your existing users is very different than marketing to get more users.\
\
And again I think the best way to actually keep people around today is just by building a better product, building a better song, building a better experience, building a better whatever you're working on, building a better game, that's actually the best way to keep people around right now.\
\
But again, I highly recommend that you all focus on top of funnel, which is just like every week what are new channels that I can hit to get new people checking out what I'm working on.\
\
That's it. What if I do social media but it's toxic for me. I see how well other people are doing and I can't help but compare myself to them. Any recommendations on how to deal with this better?\
\
Just don't care. Why do you care so much? It's okay. Do your own thing. Just have fun with it. I know it's hard to see other if you see other people winning and that brings you down, what I would do is just go for a walk.\
\
Go for a walk and just think about it. Like, Should you really feel that down? That somebody else is doing better than you?\
\
Like everybody is always going to be doing better than you. Just get a There's always gonna be someone in the world that's doing better than you. Do not compare yourself. Go and take a walk. It's gonna be okay.\
\
By by the way, this is like a very small tip that I have. A very very small tip. Again, I'm telling you all to not focus too much on retention right now, but 1 of my favorite kind of retention techniques is to just start a newsletter.\
\
Substack is a great website where you can start a simple newsletter where once a week you tell people new shit that you did and you want to build that email list.\
\
You know what I mean? This is such a such a simple thing that I used to do for years and years. That I highly recommend that you all do because this is a good habit.\
\
It takes maybe 30 minutes a week and it is by far the most effective way, in my opinion, to build your audience because this is this part of the funnel, keeping existing users.\
\
Most of you all are not keeping existing users, and that's okay because you're still just focusing on top of funnel. But this is a very small thing that you can do to kind of keep people around without wasting too much time.\
\
It's just a sub step. Go and make a newsletter. It takes 5 minutes and go get your mom, your dad, and your first 10 users on your sub stack. And then every week hit them with a brand new with a brand new emotion what you did.\
\
And Okay. Last last question, let's go to some IRRRL stuff. I'm gonna do a quick poll. I want you to ask yourself, ask you all where you're at right now. Are you on create? Are you on launch? Are you on measure?\
\
Or are you unlearn? Let's do a quick poll. You should know where you are right now, basically. Are you on create? Are you on launch? Are you on measure? Are you on let's do it? We're just gonna do a really big poll here.\
\
And I'm asking I'm asking you this question because based on the answer to this question, you will know exactly what you need to do next. For example, if you're on lunch, go lunch so you can go measure.\
\
If you're on measure, go measure so you can go learn. So go measure that poll really fast. It's right up top. You can see the poll pop up on the top of the chat. I think we're missing 1. They're missing measure. But it's okay.\
\
It's all good. Are you on create, learn, or launch? And then you know exactly, hey, if you're on create, no worries, get to launching immediately as fast as you can. Alright, everybody. That's it. That's all my talk on marketing.\
\
And now, I want to talk about some other stuff really quick, but out of 10, how was this? Was this helpful? I I don't know. I I feel like I talked to the camera, but I I'm about myself. Out of 10, how was this?\
\
Thought I'm gonna maybe do a poll. A plus, b plus, c plus, d plus. I would love to know. But yeah, I feel like I sit in this room with you all like last 4 weeks and I talked to a camera but I have no idea if I'm doing anything good.\
\
Alright. Let's talk about IRO. First of all, I'm sorry. Let's talk about a couple things. Here's a demo deck. We're gonna get details for you about demo day very soon. But please keep May twentieth open for yourself.\
\
DemoD demo day will be at May twentieth on May twentieth at 10:30 AMPT. And I'll email you about this as well and how demo day will work, but remember, demo day is May twentieth at 10:30 AMPT.\
\
And as long as you submit 4 of the 6 of the weekly updates, you will be allowed to present your work at demo day. IRL, we are doing 2 in real life events, 1 in San Francisco and 1 in Dubai.\
\
You can join either or you can join both if you want. I recommend just joining 1. In order to attend an in real life event, you must submit 3 of 6 of the weekly updates.\
\
You must submit 3 of 6. So for a lot of you, you probably have already submitted 3 of so far. I'm guessing. And that if you press 1 if you've submitted 3 or 6 updates already.\
\
If you have, congratulations. You are eligible to come to our IR event. And what is our IR event? You know, I'm not gonna sit here and tell you it's like this massive conference with celebrities and stuff.\
\
It's actually way way simpler than that. It's just a build space experience but in real life. You get to Nico people. You'll get the Ira buff for your idea.\
\
Like, The iRL buff by the way is that feeling you get when you see other people interacting with your product, with your idea, they give you new ideas, you give them new ideas, you know, it's like, it's that feeling you get when you're working with other people on your ideas in real life.\
\
It's a very different feeling than online, right, than through a message So you get the ira above.\
\
We got you with food. You know, we do 3 meals a day, some delicious food. We got you with free hoodies, so everyone gets a free hoodie when they get here. We're doing a very specific hoodie only for season 3 by the way.\
\
So you get the season 3 nights and weekends hoodie and just good times. And then 4, you know, we do talks. So we do talks with me and other people that I think are interesting to talk to to talk to you all basically.\
\
You all will actually have to talk to me, a bunch of people here. It's a good time. TLVR, if you want to push your idea forward and meet other people who are building cool stuff, 100 percent you should come.\
\
And I want to talk about the 2 locations we have, San Francisco and Dubai. San Francisco is This is how much I want to tell you what costs basically. The event is free for you to attend.\
\
All you have to pay is your flight in your hotel in your Ubers. So for your flight, you can just Google you can you can just go to Google right now and check them out your flight cost to San Francisco.\
\
Generally, it costs 400 to 800 dollars for lodging. San Francisco is pretty expensive, especially the area that we're staying. But at minimum, you're paying like 400 dollars.\
\
And at maximum, I would say like 800 dollars. You need a hundred dollars for the airport, Uber's. Uber's very expensive here, and you need maybe 200 dollars on random stuff that you may need.\
\
So all in all, you probably need about 1000 to 1200 dollars to come to the San Francisco just even before your flights. And you also need the American Visa.\
\
So I think if you're already in America, you're in Canada, you're near, I think SFAs is your best option, but just know how much it costs. But again, at the cheapest asset probably costs like 700 dollars total.\
\
405, I got 700 dollars total. Which is actually not that bad, just to like stay here. And this is where we're doing it. We picked a beautiful venue Oh, the dates. The date is May 24, 25, and 26.\
\
May 24, 25, and 26. Again, I'm gonna email you all this information as well after. But we picked a beautiful venue here in San Francisco right by the bridge. It's fucking amazing and I'm super excited about it.\
\
And this is the location. It's right by the water. It's like 1 of the safest areas in San Francisco. I miss San Francisco has a lot of shitty areas. But we picked 1 of the, like, the prettiest areas that This is where I I am every day.\
\
So it's a nice place. It's a super nice place. And yeah, let's start with Dubai. Dubai is our newest contender. And, in my opinion, it's the better option for the people who have visa problems or have visa.\
\
It's tough for them to get the American visa. And it's also much, much cheaper. Dubai is way cheaper than SF, and it's actually probably way nicer. I've been to Dubai many times Dubai is a really, really cool place.\
\
I'm not sure what people think about when think Dubai, but Dubai is sort of like New York City but cleaner. Or not new or something. What is it? It's like it's like a normal big city, but it's just cleaner and there's like no crime.\
\
You can do whatever you want, You can drink there if you want. Yeah, all that stuff is all that stuff is available. So again, out of Google your flight, see what it costs, but lodging is way cheaper in Dubai.\
\
It's like 200 dollars to 400 dollars for Dubai. The Ubers are way cheaper, 100 dollars maybe for various ubers, and then maybe you spend like a hundred dollars on various stuff.\
\
And again, for both SF and Dubai, we cover your 3 meals a day. So you don't have to worry about Still sad, it's 21 plus in SF. What does that mean? Oh, alcohol? Oh, yeah. And for Dubai, we picked a beautiful venue.\
\
It's actually much bigger, I think, than the SF venue. Because we actually we would like more people to go to Dubai. But Asaf is also fucking sick. Ben, listen to Dubai venue. It's awesome. It's it's huge like a massive warehouse.\
\
It's in it's in the shopping district of Dubai or in like the entertainment district of Dubai. So again, we picked a beautiful place, a beautiful location, and shout out to Merry Christmas, we can put the camp Your Merry Christmas up.\
\
Mary Chris say what's up? Look at the camera. Wait. Yeah. Merry Chris is doing all of this for us. So shout out to Merry Chris. And yeah. So that that's it, RSVP forms are going to be going out today.\
\
It's first come first serve In order for you to on the RSVP form, you have to actually buy your flight and show us proof of your flight. Otherwise, you can't arrest VP. We only RSV people who have already bought their flight.\
\
And if you actually are local to the area, you can show us proof of that as well, and we accept that. But again, our CP phones right out today, it should be fun. When is Dubai? Dubai is June 1, 2, and 3.\
\
Again, Dubai is on June 1, June 2, and June 3. And that's it. Excited. And if you have any various questions and etcetera, like Again, we're gonna email you all this after and you can ask us all your questions, very specific questions.\
\
But yeah, How many people are going to come? Well, I mean this SSO space can handle 200 people and this Dubai space can handle 250 people. So Last time we had like a hundred 40 people show up to SF.\
\
So it's pretty fucking crazy. Sponsnerships. So sponsorships is the same deal as last season. We will sponsor 10 people that we think are fucking awesome, that are just showing that it is proving themselves to us every week.\
\
That are submitting banger weekly updates and we'll actually send you an email where you can actually request a sponsorship But again, just know, we're only going to pick 10 people that are already doing really good shit that really need the money.\
\
We're not just going to pick random 10 people, that just need it. It has they're gonna be 10 people that are fucking amazing like we always do.\
\
And that's it. That's it. That's it. Press 1 if you're going to go to SF and press 1 if you plan to go to Dubai. Oh, a lot of SF. Oh, what some device? I like it.\
\
I like it. The events every day will be from 10AM to a 9PM every day. 10AM to 9PM every day. I highly recommend if you have school, that you take off school, I highly recommend if you have work, that you take off 3 days of work.\
\
Do all this ahead of time. Too expensive, we got 3 weeks. If it's too expensive, maybe make something and make some money from your build space product and then show up tonight and weekends.\
\
Everybody's gonna be asking for this a lot of people are gonna be asking for this sponsorship but in reality you're probably not gonna get sponsored just so you know.\
\
We only pick 10 people, so in reality, you'll probably won't get sponsored. But, it'll be fun if you can come out regardless. Amazing. Alright, everybody. This form will be going out later today and That's it.\
\
That's all we got. I hope that's I hope that's exciting. And again, the IRL event is by far my favorite part of nights and weekends, I would you should do everything you can to try and come out.\
\
Please don't max out your credit cards. Don't do some don't take loans from the mafia. Don't do any of that shit, but try your best to come out. It's really fun, and we always try to make it a good time.\
\
And it's also like you'll be able to meet all the cool people in the chat. Like all the cool people you see on Twitter, all the cool people you see in our Discord, and it's just really fun.\
\
So I hope I hope you all come out. And again, I will I will be going to both Dubai and SF. So you'll see me at both. I will be traveling the world in 3 weeks.\
\
Alright everybody. That's all I got for you. More information over email after the stream. And thank you for sticking around. A very long stream today, an hour and a half, but I appreciate everybody. Thanks, guys. Bye.}