{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Welcome to season 3 episode 13. Copy writing, 01:01 and Mike Fix, please. Man, you can never make people happy with the audio quality. Somebody's always just like the mic sucks.\
\
You sound like shit. You know what I mean? It's it's it's it's tough. It's tough. It's tough out here. Alright. Let's get started though. We have a lot to go through today. So this This lecture is all about copywriting.\
\
But we also cover a little bit more than copywriting. We also cover we're also I also wanna cover brand. So basically by the end of this, you'll have a couple of things. You'll 1, have a more solid sense of your brand.\
\
You'll 2, have a landing page and 3 you'll have a really basic sense of how to write solid copy like I'm not sure if you guys have a copy is, but copy is like the words that you actually write. Right? The the words that people see.\
\
So those are the 3 things that we're gonna do today. And and and that's the plan. So first of all, the season is almost over sad sad face sad face in the chat. I hope the writers don't mess up the ending, to be honest.\
\
It's been a good show so far. I hope the writers don't mess it up don't mess it up at the end. We'll see. We'll see. But hey, man, the season is almost over. And again, I emailed this out, this graph out.\
\
I just love this graph because it's so it's just exactly like it's just exactly how I would describe nights and weekends where, you know, you got into nights and weekends, week 0, then week 1.\
\
It got a little harder. Week 2, you kinda got your first users. It was fun, but then these last 3 weeks are just so hard including this week. Like weeks 345345 are actually really hard just because you're doing something very difficult.\
\
Right? You're putting stuff out there. You're kinda getting feedback. It's not it's just a grind. It's an absolute grind. But I think that from week 5 to IRL, it's actually really fun if you're coming to IRO.\
\
But regardless, even if you don't come to IRO, week 5 and week 6 is definitely a boost in my opinion, where it's more like the the the the run towards the end. So all I'm gonna say is, you know, keep the faith.\
\
You've made it this far and it's gonna be okay no matter how frustrating your week has been, no matter how behind you think you are, you know, some of you may be on week 2 of like progress and that's fine.\
\
Just continue on words, don't feel like you're behind by by any means. You know? You're exactly where you should be, which is right here right now.\
\
So it's okay. I just keep the We have about 10 days left till demo day. Demo day for those of you who have never been there is a celebration for the people who make it to the end of nights and weekends.\
\
It's all online. It's May twentieth at 10:30 AMPT. And in previous seasons, for demo day, we've actually done this on Gather town.\
\
So I'm not sure if you all know what Gather town is, but Gather town is like Pokemon meets Zoom. So we did it all on Gather town. We had like 2000 people on Gather town doing their demos like this.\
\
This season we're likely gonna try something very, very, very different, but it might end up being less exciting or it may end up being more exciting. I think we'll see. But again demo Dave, our goal for demo Day is 2 things.\
\
1, to celebrate the people who made it to the end. And 2, to to help you to get some eyeballs on what you're working on. I think that's 1 of the biggest things to help you get some eyeballs on what you're working on.\
\
So Season 2 demo Day convinced me to apply for s 3. Yo, Jeff Supreme. That's awesome. That's really cool. Anyways, we are trying something new this season that's very different from any demo day you've probably seen anywhere.\
\
And I'll give you the format next week. So it's not very important right now. You don't think about it. Just know that in 10 days time, you will have a demo day at 10:30 AMPT.\
\
And I I highly recommend that RSVP for the event. So it's gonna be exclamation mark demo day in the chat. And just go into RSVP real quick for it, and you will And what do you call it?\
\
That way we know you're you're planning to attend By the way, this demo day is open to spectators. So this link exclamation mark demo day, you can give it to anybody, basically.\
\
This is open to all, but we'll have a special form for you all later next week to fill out to actually fill out the details of your project so we know that you're a presenter.\
\
Okay. So that's demo day. And again, more details on the next week.\
\
Next, we have the hundred k format. So let me just tell you about how the hundred k format's gonna work. Demo day is on May twentieth, Saturday at 10:30 AMPT. Top 32, is Sunday, the day right after at at 10:30 AMPT.\
\
We're gonna pick 32 projects. It's gonna feel like a game show. The audience will be voting live on which projects get to move on in the bracket, and the final winner will be decided by the team.\
\
Alright. Right? So that's the general format for the hundred k. Imagine a game show meets like live demos, you know? So that's the kinda of vibe we're going for.\
\
But it's gonna be really fun. It's not gonna just be us picking the hundred k winner, like, usually, actually you're gonna also help us decide, so it's gonna be fun. But again, the hundred the top 32 event is open to spectators.\
\
And it's open to spectators. And, you know, what we're hoping that it feels like like, essentially like a really cool like mass live event. And you're probably wondering how we're gonna pick the the 32 people for Sunday.\
\
So I'm switching this up a little bit compared to last week. It will not just be based on the leader board. The top 32 the 32 we pick is will not just be based on the top 32 leaderboard.\
\
It will be based on your rank on the leaderboard your momentum on socials and your past weekly updates. We're actually gonna be looking at everything that you all are doing, not just your rank.\
\
Why are we doing this? We felt that the top 32 leader board really only optimizes for some really high growth projects. Whereas some of you are working on some really, really cool stuff, but it's just not growing as fast.\
\
But that does just because it's not growing as fast, doesn't mean it's a shit idea. It doesn't mean that what you're working on is waste of time, you know.\
\
So but again, 1 of the best ways to get our attention is to rank more higher on the leader board, really. But I hope that makes sense. I hope that kind of energizes some of you who may who may not be in the top 32.\
\
Everything you do at build space will factor in to the 32 that we pick. Again, we look at we we see all your updates. We see the people tagging us on socials.\
\
We see all of this stuff. And we, as a team, will decide the 32 that will be on Sunday. And again, exclamation mark top 32, to RSVP for the top 32 event. Again, this is a live event that's open to spectators.\
\
So this is not the RSVP link for, like, presenters. This is the RSVP link for anybody that wants to show up and watch the top 32. So I highly recommend that you sign up right now, so you don't forget.\
\
And that's top 32. So again, demo day is May 20 it, top 32 is May 20 first, both are at 10:30 AMPT. Please keep that weekend pretty free. Because again, it's gonna be very heavy on build space stuff.\
\
You're just gonna be This is this is like the finale. Right? So you can This is the finale. So it's gonna be like the final you know, the the the final kind of hurdle before you make it to the end of this.\
\
You know? So just just end strong, I say. So that's why I kind of advise to keep your weekend pretty free. May twentieth, May 20 first. And on the leader board by the way, we're still updating the leader board.\
\
The leader board will be updated with week four's data by end of week today. Okay? So by end Oh, sorry, by end of day today. By end of day today, the leader board will be updated.\
\
And that's the leader board. And that's it. That's all updates around demo day, leaderboards, top 32, it's gonna be exciting. What's happening on May twentieth? May twentieth is demo day.\
\
So May twentieth is demo day, and May 20 first is May 20 first is the is the top 32 event. Alright. So, to start off this lecture, I wanna get into a very, very basic exercise. A very similar exercise to what we did last week.\
\
So real quick, if you wanna go ahead and do exclamation. By the way, I see some people asking very specific questions in the chat like, Ira sponsorships, what happens about the 6 month fellowship.\
\
If you have very specific questions that don't that, like, that are kinda deeper, just feel free to email us. Support at space dot s o.\
\
We've already emailed a lot of people who we sponsor who we wanted to sponsor, but we're gonna continue to kinda find people. Again, we only picked 10 so. Anyways, feel free to email us if you need assistance with that.\
\
Support at build space dot s o. Okay. Cool. Let's start with a very basic exercise. I'm gonna go ahead and do exclamation mark Figma in the chat, and you're gonna get taken to this Figma doc.\
\
This is the same Figma doc that we did in season 3 episode 7, the same Figma doc. And what I want you to do is a very, very simple exercise, which is just write down your previous week's numbers and write down this week's numbers.\
\
That's it. And the difference here is like, is that now the weeks change. Right? So last week was week 3.\
\
Right? This week or sorry, last week was week 4. 0 my bad. This would be your last week and this would be considered this week. So your last week was ended on April thirtieth, and this current week ends on May seventh.\
\
So that's what this week means. It's kinda weird because, like, dates change. But just to kinda make it hyper clear, let me just write write this down. Just go ahead in here on your own time. I can't type this file. Make a copy.\
\
Cool. So you got last week, which was week 3, which ended on April thirtieth, and you got this week, technically, which ended on May seventh. So at this point, you have a very clear idea of how you did last weekend this week.\
\
So go ahead and just do this really quick on your end in Figma, write down your last week numbers and write down your this week numbers. And again, I've I kinda made it hyper clear here when last week ends and when this week ends.\
\
I know it's a little confusing because this week is technically right now, but just bear with me. But go ahead and do this. And once you've done this, just press 1, and then I'll move on.\
\
But this is a very very simple exercise, which I want us to start off with today because by doing this exercise, you know exactly where you stand. And you know exactly how you're doing. You know?\
\
I think there's a lot of what do you call it? A lot of you may feel like you're behind, a lot of you may feel like you're doing really good. A lot of you may feel like you're not sure if you're ahead, and I think it doesn't matter.\
\
Like none of this matters. All that matters is this. Did the number go up, or did the number go down? If the number went up, alright, something happened.\
\
If the number went down, alright, it's not a bad thing. It's just you know what you have to do next. And what I also want you to do once you do it here is please update your Google sheet as well.\
\
Your Google sheet should be updated up to up to this up to this row. So go ahead and do that really fast once again. If you don't have the Google sheet, it's ex exclamation mark sheet, I believe. But let's do this really quick.\
\
Spend like 2 minutes just getting your numbers in order and then we'll we'll start talking about some copywriting. And by the way, once you do this, can you please tell me your previous week numbers and this week numbers in the chat?\
\
I'm curious. Last week 0 currently on 40. Yo. Clapped. 0, getting off 0 is 1 of the is 1 of the things that makes me most happy in this world. 55 to 86, 25 dollars to 35 dollars, 02:40 to 03:09, I like it. 0 to 50 to 0. Now who are?\
\
22. Maybe Why are you still at 0, my friend? What's going on? How can we help? 5 dollars or 20 dollars 0 to 0 again? What's going on there? Think a lot of you are off 0. This is really cool. I hope that all of you understand.\
\
If you're if you're going from 0 to some bigger number or any number to another big number, like, that's really, really, really cool. And you should be extremely proud of yourself. Not many people are actually able to do that.\
\
I I just wanna stress. I feel like we kinda skip over this and take it for granted, but it is amazing that you all are making your numbers grow over the weeks. Most people kinda just give up after 1 week. So it's beautiful to see.\
\
It's beautiful to see. Alright. Cool. I hope that helps I hope that I hope that kind of helps put things in perspective for you. My number is 0 to 0 because I'm targeting executives and agencies and it takes a while to convert.\
\
But part of my plan, hopefully, next week we move. Beautiful. I think if you win from 0 and you're still at 0, that's fine. It's like it's not a bad thing. It's just like now you know what you have to do next.\
\
Right? I want you I wanna stress that don't don't think that just because your number went up. It's like a good thing or just because your number went down. It's a bad thing. Just be very logical about it.\
\
Like, your number went up. Why did it go up? Study why your number went up. If your number went down, study why your number went down. Like, be extremely logical about it all. What should we do if the number didn't increase?\
\
Again, what you need to do is just sit back and ask yourself Like, what did I do last week? And why did my number not go up? 1 kind of mental model I'll give you all today is inputs and outputs.\
\
It's a mental model that FERCon has actually given me. So basically, what it is is In a given week, you look at your inputs. Like, what did you actually do? And you look at your outputs. Like, what actually came out of the week?\
\
And you look at your inputs and outputs, and if you're happy with your inputs and outputs, then then you move on. Right? But if you're kind of unhappy with your inputs and outputs, you can iterate on those inputs and outputs.\
\
And you can make next week better. For example, if this week, if you're a musician and you just spent like your only input was recording music. Well and then your output was no new listeners. Well, that makes sense. Right?\
\
Maybe next week you can have a couple of new inputs like recording music, posting my song, marketing my song, and then maybe you'll have different outputs. So again, you cannot don't beat yourself up over the inputs and the outputs.\
\
Rather, don't beat yourself up about what you did wrong, a right, or wrong last week. Just look at the inputs and the outputs and think very logically about them, you know? That's the best way to do it.\
\
Again, you could tie up all your emotions in this stuff, but please don't do that. I know it's very easy to do that. Just do not get emotional about your numbers. Again, emotional doesn't mean negative emotion.\
\
It also means like positive emotion like when you're super happy that you just increased in users 1 day. Like that's fine. Can be happy, but just know that you are being emotional in a way.\
\
There's more types of emotions than just negative emotion. And, you know, again, I kinda said this earlier, but don't underestimate the power of the exercise that we just did.\
\
The exercise where you are actually going and looking and analyzing your last week and analyzing your current week. Like, it's a very, very powerful exercise. So let's chat about brand.\
\
Chat. What is brand? Can someone tell me what brand is? I have no idea. I'm just doing this talk on it, but I have no idea what brand is. Can you help me out? What is brand? And why the fuck are we talking about this?\
\
Brand is your story, Brandon Nike, public image Coca Cola. These are companies. That's not what brand is. The story you tell, okay, it's your vibe, it's your identity. It's a reputation of a company, Okay.\
\
So sounds like you all kind of know what brand is. Okay. So I actually wanna first talk about brand and then I wanna talk about copywriting. And what I'm gonna tell you here is like brand and copywriting for like the builders.\
\
You know what I mean? This isn't brand and copywriting for like Coca Cola or Nike. This is brand and copywriting for people who are, like, you. Like, at the under, you know, who are people who are figuring it out.\
\
Figuring it out. Brand and copywriting are both super super important, and I think you all have a pretty natural sense for brand already, but let's let's kind of talk about it.\
\
So this is me. This is me 13 years old, this was the brand that I made for my YouTube channel. It was called Farza TV. It was my my big fancy YouTube channel.\
\
I spent like forever working on this working on this aesthetic, I was like, oh my god, like my name kinda looks like YouTube, you know, like, with the white on the left and the red on the right. So I called as far as the TV.\
\
I was so happy with my branding. And that that was 13. This was my brand. Right? And then this is also me at 13. Right? This is my brand. My brand was a guy in front of a camera, with comic books behind him.\
\
I wore bright colors all the time. I always wore a really bright beanie and I was just this bright person. That was my brand. Right? And I think here's me at 27 doing the same thing for build space.\
\
Right? It's kinda funny that almost 13 years later, nothing's really changed. The brand of build space is very similar to the brand that I had back then. Right? Nothing's really changed.\
\
This except 14 years have passed. Right? But the brand is very, very similar. And why I'm showing you this is because everyone kinda comp Kate's brand and they think that brand is actually like Coca Cola or Nike or Apple.\
\
And I want you all to just like go in your in your brains and delete everything that you know about what a brand is for a second.\
\
And I want you to kind of start from scratch. Brand today, your brand is actually you. Your brand is actually you. Just like in this case, my brand was just me. Right? In the early days, your brand is just you.\
\
It's your personality. It's how you talk. It's your face. It's your voice. It's how you write in your emails, you know. All of that is your brand. Do not try to make your brand something that is not you right now.\
\
Don't try and make like I don't know. Give you an example. Let's say you're working on like a mobile app for businesses, and then you try to sound and be like other people.\
\
Who are building mobile apps for businesses, you know? And you you you steal their you kinda steal their language and their aesthetic and their tone. All of a sudden, you're just faking yourself and you're not being authentic.\
\
Again, you wanna make you're brand new. And we'll we'll talk a little bit more about what I mean here. But think about this. I'm not sure who here is a build space o g whereas they remember the old build space.\
\
But the o g build space, like the very first version of it, like 2 years ago, still remember the brand was literally made by me in like 3 to 4 hours. It was this was the brand. It was gradients.\
\
It was unicorns, it was like anti industry, and it looked sort of like this. Right? This is what our brand used to be like. And The brand really was just kind of my personality, to be honest. That's what I mean, like, your brand is you.\
\
In the early days of build space, the brand was just my personality. Why? Because we had to move fast. I didn't have time to think about a fancy brand. And a fancy logo and a fancy color scheme and all the right fonts and all that shit.\
\
And not and you all shouldn't care about that either. None of that stuff is brand. This is actually at the end of the day, can someone tell me what this brand is? Just looking at this. There's a brand here.\
\
Right? But what's the brand? Can someone tell me? Like what does this make you feel like? What does this make you think about? When you see this, does it feel legit? Does it feel like something that you resonate with?\
\
It feels fun, modern, simple, happy, school vibe, toy story, creative, excited, unconventional. Rug pulling. True? Feels friendly. Yeah. At the end of the day, the brand that we created, we wanted to go for and kind of creative vibes.\
\
And that's what we went for here. So but again, this brand was literally built in in like 3 hours. I still remember. I still remember the moment in my mind where Alec is behind me.\
\
I mean Alec used to work like by side. But Alec was behind me and Alec was like making the React app for the first version of build space, which we built in like a And Alec says, as far as I like, what's the logo situation, man?\
\
You know, like, what what logo are we using? And I remember I was I was kinda mad.\
\
I was like, oh my god. I don't fucking know what the logo is supposed to be. And I remember I just went in Figma. I picked a random emoji and a random gradient, and we made this. And this was our logo for almost 1.\
\
5 years. This aesthetic that you're looking at was our aesthetic for almost 1. 5 and you may think that this is not a good brand. You may think that this looks like not that interesting, but hey, this got millions of hits.\
\
So I mean, turns out if you build a brand that is authentic to you, it's much easier to actually build that brand. Don't try to what I try what I tell people is like, I'm not saying what we made here is good.\
\
You know what I mean? What I'm saying here is what we made was authentic to us. Therefore, it was really easy for us to kind of write everything, write all the copy, make the whole aesthetic, you know?\
\
It was way way easier. Because we're just being ourselves. We're not trying to fake we're not trying to be fake. This is just how we work. We we were just bright people that like wanted to be friends you know.\
\
So But, you know, from day 0, 1 thing that's in about build space. And again, I'm talking a lot about build space because I feel like a lot of my learnings, I wanna give you all give you all a lot of my learnings.\
\
I'm not trying to shield build space. I'm just like, these are the things I learned. But from day 0, I wanted to make sure that our brand was established via copy.\
\
So at the time, no 1 at BuildSpace was visually gifted. You know, like, I'm not a designer. Alex is not a designer. We didn't even hire a person who was good at design until a year ago.\
\
And now you can see the some amazing stuff happening at build space thanks to 11, but for the first year and a half, we didn't have a designer and none of us were good. Right? But our brand was established by Copy.\
\
And that's why I think this can sort of Someone just send the chat, how does this apply to us? Well, it applies to you because think about it. Build space started like this. You all are also starting.\
\
And there's nothing special to what we did. But I think 1 thing that we did that was really good is we established a really solid brand via good copy. Very clear communication that was very concise, that was very, very obvious.\
\
It was so simple. It was so fucking simple to understand what build space was. And I think that's a really big learning that I wanna give to you all at this stage today. And I mean, just check this out.\
\
Right? Like, looking back, this is actually kinda cringe, but it's fine. But a live kick off session to keep you a little hyped up. You know, looking back, it's just kinda cringe, but back then we loved this, you know.\
\
We we thought this was awesome. And we thought we were because this is this is how we would talk to each other, you know? Like, this is how we would text each other.\
\
And and I would stress to you all as well. Like, try to talk like on on a landing page or try to talk like you would to your audience, like you just would to your friends in a very simple and clear way.\
\
And I guess if you all remember, even how I sounded in our content was very opinionated. Right? Like, again, this is another example of our copy. Please do this or Farzo will be sad.\
\
And just for some context, built space used to write a lot of content, a lot of tutorials, and I would put this at the bottom of every tutorial where I just said, if you don't do this, I'm gonna be really sad.\
\
And again, this is an example of brand. This is an example of copywriting, you know, And I think what I'm trying to get across is you all have the ability to write really, really good copy.\
\
And also, I truly believe that a lot of you will blow up and go viral because Not because you have a great product, I think that also helps, but usually, virality and blowing up and getting people initially has a lot to with just communicating what the fuck you're working on in a good way, you know?\
\
Of course you need a great product so people stick around, but honestly getting people to show up is like half the problem.\
\
So I cared about every single word at build space. To this day, I still care about every single word that we put out.\
\
And so should you? And so should you I'm not sure how much how many I'm not sure how much you all care right now, but this is me saying, should care about every single word that you put out.\
\
Every tweet that you put out. Every email that you write to your audience.\
\
Every word that you write in your product, it all it all together creates your brand. Alright? And I truly believe that you don't need to be a design wizard or Steve Jobs to make a good brand.\
\
You simply need to be yourself. And some of you maybe think this. Farza, why are we talking about this right now, man? All I only got like 50 users. I only got like 10 users.\
\
Some people have 0 users, some people have a thousand users like Farzo, why are we talking about this? Can can anyone, like, tell me why we're talking about this? Like, why are we wasting our time talking about this?\
\
Or are we not wasting our time? Like, why does this matter right now? I'm sure it matters. Like, brand does matter, but why does this matter right now? It doesn't matter just for fun, wrong answer.\
\
Because it helps, needs an identity, grow our audience, content marketing, get traction, get momentum, get users. Okay. I like some of these answers. And I I think that the reason is because it matters.\
\
It matters because I'll give you a very clear reason why this Think about everything that you decide to use and decide to not use in real life. Like, think about you at a grocery store for a second.\
\
Think about yourself at a grocery store and you're trying to like, I don't know, pick from like 20 types of beans. And all the beans are like the same price. How do you pick 1 of the cans of beans? Just 20 different brands of beans.\
\
Well, you're probably gonna pick the brand of beans that, like, you resonate with the most. Right? Or you pick a random 1. I don't know. For me at least, I'm gonna pick the brand of beans or to type the bean that I kinda resonate with.\
\
You know? Maybe it says something funny on the can. Maybe I don't know. Maybe I like its logo. Whatever. It's actually so stupid how we operate. It's like, we decide to use things and not use things with very little data.\
\
It's a very emotional decision that we usually take. So I think this matters to you all because people right now are probably deciding to either not use what you're working on or to use what you're working on.\
\
Right? So think about this for a second. Let's just you're making a song. How do you why does if you're making a song, does everybody that you show the song listen to it?\
\
Probably not. Right? Probably not. Let's say you're making an app. Does everybody If you show like 50 people the app, does do all 50 people use it?\
\
Probably not. Right? Some people are like, oh, I use it later, or oh, this seems cool, not for me or no, I don't get it. And that's why your copy and brand actually really matters.\
\
Because That is what will cause people to decide whether or not they're gonna give your thing a shot. That's why this matters. And by the way, you already have a brand right now.\
\
You already have a brand right now. So let's put a few brain cells into it. You you all may not think that you have a brand right now, but you do. And some of you all some of you all have a really good brand as well.\
\
For example, you may not think you have a brand. For example, like press 1 if you've recorded and posted a video demo to Twitter or LinkedIn. If you're pressing 1 right now, you already have a brand.\
\
Your brand is person on Twitter or LinkedIn that is building a cool project. That's your brand. Okay? I don't have a brand. I am the brand. Yeah, actually that's that's pretty cool.\
\
At this point, you That's that's actually a really good way to put it. You are the brand at this point in in your project life span. Like, if you're a musician, like, think about Drake and Kanye West.\
\
Right? Like, they are the brand. Think about Airbnb. Like, in the early days, they found we're the brand. You know what I mean? And I wanna show a really cool example from S3I really like this person's brand.\
\
Please rate this person's brand out of 10, honestly, from 10:10 being you really like it is 0 being it's horrible. But I feel like I look at this person's brand and I have a very a clear idea.\
\
This seems like a kinda indie hacker indie hacker developer Indian hacker developer vibes, you know? And when I look at this, I immediately trust what this person is working on.\
\
This person could potentially have 0 users. They could probably have 0 users, but It feels like they're way bigger than that. Right? And I wanna really, really I want you all to really understand this.\
\
This person could have 0 users But it doesn't feel like it. It feels like they have more than that. It feels like they're pretty legit. Why does it feel like they Why does it feel legit? Can anybody tell the chat?\
\
Like, why does it feel legit? I'll give you a couple of my reasons. 1, very, very simple copy. My name is Ray. I'm trying to make 10000 dollars a month. I'm building PysaaS, pure Python SaaS starter kit. Alterocque at build space.\
\
Like, it is so simple. In 1 sentence, I know who this person is what they're doing and what they're working on. That's absolutely massive. Also a very simple color scheme, like they stick to a very a very similar brand.\
\
They have a very simple logo. They they they're doing all the things perfectly right. Even look at this look at this launch tweet this person did, introducing PISAS.\
\
PISAS is a SaaS starter kit that saves you months of development time. To software business faster, front end to back end all in Python. This is beautiful. Do you know why? It's because it's so simple this person's copy is just so good.\
\
It's just really, really good. Now you may also say that visually, it looks pretty good like the aesthetics. But honestly, aesthetics don't really matter too much right now.\
\
It helps a lot though. If I took this person and I replaced all of these assets, but I kept the copy. It's still a really, really banger, banger brand. So kind of think about when you think about your brand.\
\
Right? When someone goes to your Twitter, what do they see? What do they feel? What do they think? Did did they think you're legit? They think that what you're working on is cool? Do they understand what you're working on?\
\
Press 1 if you think that when someone goes to your Twitter, people know exactly what you're doing, and press 2 if your if your brand needs some work. If you're pressing 1, I almost don't believe you.\
\
Okay. Rox presses 1. Okay. Rox. Wait. I forgot was 1 the people I forgot already. Actually, I'm really curious just to see what y'all think. Actually, was gonna use this person as an example.\
\
But I I didn't. But I'm curious what you all think. What do you all think of this person's brand? What do you all think of this 1? So I actually I I don't know where I stand on this 1, to be honest.\
\
Okay. Yeah. I I agree. I think it looks a little scammy. I think that's the that's the that's the feeling. I think so I know rocks personally. I've spoken to rocks. Rox is working on some really fucking cool shit.\
\
Sorry. Rock's we're roasting you right now. My bad. But rocks is working on some really cool stuff. But it's just really hard to understand, you know. Like, if I look at Rox's profile, I'm not gonna click into all these links.\
\
Like, just give me 1 link. Like, you're giving me 5 links to look at. Like, you have a beautiful your brand is actually beautiful. But you're coming off as something that is maybe a little hard to understand.\
\
So compared to this, it's just much more simple. There. Right? Sorry rocks demolished him. Everybody say sorry rocks if you roasted him. It's okay to roast people.\
\
Just say after, you know. That's what I do. So but so what I'm trying to get at is your you can look as big as you want. You can look it doesn't matter if you have 0 users or a thousand users. You can look as big as you want.\
\
And this is a very important learning for you all just today. And a very basic and socials can be the difference between someone actually checking out what you're working on or just saying meh and leaving it.\
\
You know what I mean? You don't want people for example, right now, I go to Rox's profile and if I don't know Rox, I'm just like, meh I'm moving on. I'm busy with other stuff. You know what I mean? So it's just so stupid.\
\
It's so stupid. Rocks could be working on the coolest stuff ever. But instead, I go to his profile or or I go to what he's working on and I'm just like meh, I don't really I don't get it. I'm leaving. You know? It's crazy.\
\
We're so stupid as humans Because we have so much input. Right? We're people are always trying to sell us stuff. People are always trying to show us stuff and you'd be surprised at how far you can get by just being clear and concise.\
\
And 1 small kind of 1 small kind of reaction or or sorry, 1 small kind of a tool for you. This is how I think about it. Whenever I put out something, this is what I optimized for.\
\
Whenever I write an email to you all, whenever I write a tweet to you all, whenever we release something new, whenever we release a new video, we try to always have people internally say this.\
\
Such that when they first see it on their feed or they first see it in their inbox, they say, oh, seems cool. You know what I mean? It's a very very simple exercise for you all.\
\
For example, I I would ask rocks like rocks. When you see your own profile, Do you say, oh, seems cool. Like, if if you if you didn't know you, would you be like, oh, seems cool. Like, is this the reaction?\
\
Or know. And, like, we can go through so many examples, right, of people doing this stuff? For example, look at this. This is a good example. When you all look at this, Hopefully, our goal is to make you first feel like, oh, seems cool.\
\
And then you actually inside of it, you know? And by the way, some people will think that this does not seem cool. Some people will think Rox's profile does not seem cool. Some people will think it seems cool.\
\
But I think what's really important is you balance that feedback, such that most people are reacting with seems cool. And most importantly, I hope that you yourself are reacting like this to the stuff that you put out.\
\
I think that I think that a big mistake a lot of you all do today is you put stuff out there, but then you don't ask yourself this question.\
\
Like, you don't ask yourself, like, do I myself think this is Rock says I'm bad at knowing what is cool. That's a lie.\
\
You know what is cool, but I think if you ask yourself more, it would do you good. That's it. You you need to trust yourself. You are this is the biggest thing I'm trying to get across in this workshop. You already know what's cool.\
\
You're already cool. Think about that. You as a person are all are already really cool, and all you need to do is be authentic. And how other people perceive you. That's it. But a lot of people just like, overcomplicated.\
\
That's it. And again, because this is a really big 1 that I think most of you all agree with. A single bad sentence can turn people off from checking out you're working on. A single bad sentence. Isn't that crazy?\
\
A single bad sentence. Like, if I'm going at if if I'm going through someone Twitter, someone's landing page, someone's Spotify, or whatever. And I see like a single sentence that I'm like, too complicated or not for me.\
\
You know what I mean? It's crazy. We're This is why I wanna kind of drill into you guys that As humans, we're actually really dumb in how we make our decisions.\
\
Our decisions are highly emotional, and you you need to remember that and optimize for just being clear. I wanna show a couple examples here.\
\
I have 2 words on the screen. Boot Camp and nights and weekends. We chose nights we were very, very specific when we made this We called it nights and weekends. Why did we call it nights and weekends?\
\
Because if we ever see the word boot camp, we just exit out. We just complete if I see the word boot camp on a landing page, I exit out. If I see the word boot camp on someone's profile, I'm, like, not following.\
\
I just don't care. Don't care about boot camps, and I don't like the brand that boot camps have. But think about it. Knights and weekends is kind of a boot camp. Let's be honest.\
\
Right? But it's crazy. 1 word can shift it so much. 1 word makes it feel like a little bit different. When I think boot camp, I think about tech I think about like coding boot camps, just negative I think about negative things.\
\
But when I think about nights and weekends, I think about, you know, I don't know, just making cool shit. We got played boys. Hey. I tricked you all. Hey, here's another 1. At the top, here's an example.\
\
Join an accelerator with the world's brightest minds over 6 weeks. And then, you know, here's the second 1 that we have. Come fuck around plus build shit on your nights and weekends with other. It's kinda crazy. Right?\
\
I think a lot of you may read the top 1 and not not actually go for it. You know? I think a lot of you may not actually go for it. But I think the bottom 1 kind of appeals to more of you. And, you know, it's not that the top 1 is bad.\
\
That's not what I'm saying here. I'm not saying the top 1 is bad. Boot Camp isn't bad. It's not a bad word. But what I'm saying is, we think that boot camps aren't cool. We don't really care about accelerators.\
\
At build space, I don't really care to have the world's brightest minds, like, who am I to call people a bright mind? That's just that's just ego. This whole sentence is not me. But this sentence is a lot more who we are.\
\
Right? We're just very low ego. We just wanna see what people do when they come and mess around. And that's what I wanna make really clear with you all that there's no such thing as good or bad.\
\
It's just 1 appeal this appeals to a very different type of audience, and it appeals to an audience that maybe we don't wanna be associated with. And it's very, very intentional, by the way.\
\
And you and that's the key word here just to be intentional. And you know, this is kinda what you all saw, you know, on your end. Right? This is what you all saw and you were like, this seems pretty cool. And you applied.\
\
Right? 6 weeks to finally work on your ideas. You in? That's it. It's crazy. Right? This is this is the copy that you all converted on. I'm curious why did you convert on this everybody? Like, Why did this why did this work for you?\
\
It's so stupid. It's so simple. Right? We barely have any words. We're super concise. It's crazy. Right? And it's a this is 1 thing Stalin, our designer kinda taught me He taught me how to use less words.\
\
I remember when we first made this landing page, it was a lot of words. And then 1 day, Stephen was like, let's just have a headline, and it was awesome.\
\
It's like, the more you force yourself to use less words, the better. So while you all are working on your brand and your copy, try to use as few words as possible to get across what doing.\
\
That's kinda like a a major learning that I've had over the last 5 years. Because all the words use matter. So please, I beg of you all. Remember that all of the words that you use matter.\
\
Not a single word you use doesn't matter. Everything from your bio to, you know, the words in the the words in your bio, to the words on your landing page, to the name of your sound cloud, bio everything.\
\
My eyes, my eyes? You should just Can we ask ChachiPT how turn the brightness down of a screen.\
\
Anyways, I I put this as a red slide because I want this to burn into your minds, you know? Like that's why. I It's it's purposely red. I wanna burn your eyes and I want this to be branded inside of your brains.\
\
That and I want you to remember forever that all the words you use matter. Before we move on here And by the way, I have a cooler exercise that we're gonna do. But I wanna know, tell me 1 product that you like a lot.\
\
That isn't a big company. Like, don't say Nike Apple or any of that shit. Okay? Like, give me something that you like that isn't a big company. And ideally, it's a product, like a product. Notion. Okay. Like Notion.\
\
Pie SaaS, green tea, books, build space, dark mode, obsidian, day 1 journal. I love day 1 journal. That I use it every single day. Good choice. Pummy, a French singer. Samosas, West Anderson. Versel, arc, linear, railway, guitar hero.\
\
I love this. Okay. This is beautiful. I love the people who are saying things like guitar hero, Samosas, canva, Nintendo, the browser company, all this stuff, tandem, Chrome Calendar. Amazing. I ask you this for a very specific reason.\
\
It's because you all already know what a great brand looks like. Each of you in the chat are already brand experts, and what you need to do now is you need to look at the things that you love, and you need to study them.\
\
If you like the browser company, go and study the browser company and how they talk, how they interact with people, they write their emails.\
\
If you like Vercel, go and study how Vercel looks and sounds. Like, if I were you, I would just go to Versel right now.\
\
Well, not right now, but later. And I would have really studied everything about Versel, like, okay, like how did how did they sound here? On Google. Okay. I click it. How do they sound here? What's their subtitle?\
\
What are their CTAs? Why does why do I like Versacell so much? Is it this? It because it's clean? Like, I don't know. Like, it's up to you all. Right? I'm not you. You need to kind of study the things that you already love.\
\
And for me, at build space, these are 4 things that inspire build space a lot, like a lot, me personally. Anybody know what this is? Anybody know what this is? At the bottom left? Maybe the bottom left is easier.\
\
The bottom left is Y Combinator. I'm a big fan of Y Combinator's brand. I'm not a fan of everything Y Combinator does, but I'm a really big fan of how clean and concise Y Combinator is and how simple they are.\
\
They're not over the top. You know, even when you come to Buildpace IRL, we take a lot of inspiration from YC in terms of how simple they are. There's nothing crazy. It's just a bunch of seats in a room.\
\
You know what I mean? This is Porter Robinson at the top left. Porter Robinson is 1 of my favorite this. I take a lot of inspiration from his art. Right? At the bottom right, fills coffee. Press 1 if you've been to Phil's coffee.\
\
Phil's coffee is a coffee shop go to, like, many times a week, and I love its brand. It's very it's very, like, casual. It's really friendly. And at the top right got naruto. You know? I love how naruto carries himself.\
\
I love how naruto is advertised. I love everything about naruto. And what I'm why I'm showing you this because you all should write down right now 4 things that you love, like 4 products that you and then study why you love them.\
\
Study why why you care about them so much. Go to their websites like Study, everything about them, you know? You know, a couple people said they liked a kron calendar, like, amazing.\
\
What is What do you like about crime? Like, go through it. Like, really, really study the things that you love. Is my number 1 kind of thought for you right now. And again, we got a red slide here to burn your eyes again.\
\
The brand you create is a remixed is a remix based off the things that you love. Don't ever forget this. Okay? Don't ever forget that way just a remix based off the things that you love.\
\
Build space is nothing more, but a remix of the things that we love here. That's it. Everybody thinks that we went out and we paid some big agency to do our brand. No. We just watched a bunch of anime.\
\
And study the things that we liked, and we made we we made build space. Okay. I wanna do an extra with you all now. It's gonna be fun. Oh, by the way, everybody anybody know why this is blue? Anybody know why this is blue right now?\
\
I'm just gonna let me just get set up right now. It's because Alta Rock is winning. That's why why is it not yellow? Godmire. Please get your shit together. I I don't expect to be losing at the end of this week.\
\
Okay? I need I need all the houses to band together. Just to make sure that Ulta rock doesn't win, please. Actually, I'm more of I'd rather Spectre seek not win. So Anyways, I don't have a choice in the matter.\
\
All I'm saying is if you're a godmother, please get in a call with each other maybe make a tweet, maybe do like a weekly call together and kind of strategize a little bit, help each other. If you're an error vault, get a call together.\
\
Apologize together. Help each other out. Okay. Cool. So what I want you all to do is go to framer dot com. Actually, before you go to framer dot com, I'm sorry. Don't do it right now. Let me just show you what we're gonna do.\
\
Okay? So don't do anything again. Please come back to the stream. Go ahead and make an account framer, and let me show you what we're gonna do. I'm gonna continue as Jeffrey because I guess I'm logged in as Jeffrey.\
\
And once you're on Framier, you're gonna click new. And I want you to essentially what we're gonna do here is we're gonna make a website, a new landing page for ourselves.\
\
And then once you're here really simple, you're gonna go to sections, and then click this template right here. That's it. Boom. And once you're all there, press 1.\
\
So go ahead and just do that real quick. Framer dot com. Framer dot com. Again, if you already have a landing page, please still do this. If you don't have a landing page, it's gonna be good. Let's let's get this started.\
\
I know a lot of you are not technical. And this is a very, very simple way to make a landing page right now. Cool. Let's head so once you're in here and once you once you see this screen with this template, go ahead and press 1.\
\
By the way, if you don't see this this these templates, click insert at the top left. Take a minute here, get everybody on the same page. What if Framer crashes because we're all there? Honestly, that's not gonna happen.\
\
There's only, like, 250 of you here. Or 3 to be. We're good. If if there was a if this was the kickoff day, I'd be way more worried. But our framers are pretty cool company and this is what build space uses to make its landing page.\
\
So the build space landing page is built with the same with the same tool. Alright. So Okay. So hopefully, you have framer in a different tab open now. So come back to the stream now. We're gonna do something very simple.\
\
Let me go back to my my slides, actually. We're gonna make a landing page. A landing page with a headline, a subtitle a CTA. By the way, I know we're at time now. I think we'll probably just take 10 more minutes, by the way, hopefully.\
\
But we're gonna make page. And I want you all to kind of now I know there's a lot about landing pages online, and I'm not gonna I'm not gonna go and kinda rehash a lot of the same learnings, but I wanna talk about your landing page.\
\
A landing page has 3 very important things about it.\
\
A landing page has a headline. It has a subtitle, and it has a CTA. Which is a call to action. I don't care if you're making a movie, you're making hip hop music, or you're making an app.\
\
You should have a landing page. There is no reason that you should not have a sick landing page. Again, same thing, headline, subtitle, CTA. Very very simple. Right?\
\
So it's gonna cover this stuff a little bit. The headline, On the left is a bad headline. On the right is a good headline. Can someone tell me why the headline on the right is better. I'm guessing you already know why it's better.\
\
I don't have to tell you why. Why is it better? The headline on the right is better because it is clear. Let that be the number 1 lesson from this whole lecture that clarity and conciseness will always win over fancy language.\
\
You'd be surprised how many Landing Pages I've seen that say like, we are a web 3 framework that makes NFTs blah blah blah. And I'm like, I don't even know what you're doing.\
\
What's web 3? Or I see people working like an AI tool like we are an AI based journaling product that makes it easy for you to journal and I'm like, what the fuck? What is AI? I just I'm like I'm too busy.\
\
I'm on TikTok. I'm stupid. I'm far as I'm dumb. I'm like, what the fuck AI journaling app? I already have a journaling app. Fuck off. You know? It's just like versus if you just told me, we are a journaling app.\
\
That's it. You're a journaling app. Stop trying to oversell yourself. Be more be authentic and be clear. So again, the headline. Once I read your headline, it should be extremely clear what you're working on.\
\
I should have no question what you're working on. From just deadline. Okay? On the left, I I don't know what this is. On the right, I know exactly what it is.\
\
It's something that helps you make posters. I mean, amazing. A built space has a really solid headline. Or, sorry. This is an example. I changed our headline here. You think about this headline? What do you think about this headline?\
\
I changed our headline, by the way. This is a shit headline. You know why? It sound what the fuck my dreams come true here? What is this? Like, I have no idea what this is when I read it. You know? And that's the bad part.\
\
Like, it's just trying so hard. Ready to make your dreams come true? Like what? No. What is what is this? It's just bad. This is horrible. In my opinion. This is just as bad as saying you're all in 1 visual communication tool.\
\
Instead, maybe something else. I'm curious, if you all were making the headline for the build space landing page, what would you write? Go ahead real quick in the chat.\
\
What would you write? 6 weeks to work on your side project. Build cool shit with awesome people. I like it. Get your first 1000 users. I like it. Come build cool shit for 6 weeks. I like it. Get build a product in 6 weeks.\
\
I like it. These are all really good. So these are all way better than this shit. Don't don't ever sound like this. I know a lot of people are gonna even I'm saying this now and I know a lot of people will still mess it up.\
\
They'll still say some shit like, Stop journaling or like stop journaling like it's 2007. Journal like it's 20 23. Know what I mean? Like, I already know people are still gonna do stuff like that.\
\
So the next thing we got is a subtitle. The subtitle is the thing underneath the the header. It's the thing that where you can kinda go more in-depth about what you're working on. So this is on the bottom a really good example.\
\
The headline is, grocery is done in just 5 minutes. And the subtitle is Jupiter a grocery automation service that takes care of the shipping, the shopping, delivery, and even meal planning.\
\
We learn about your habits, plan your orders, and help you figure out what's for dinner. This is literally almost a 10 out of 10, in my opinion.\
\
Why? Because it's just super super clear. And again, the subtitle is where you can spend maybe 1 to 2 sentences explaining what you're working on. I really like I actually don't like Versel. I like this 1.\
\
I just saw it. I like this a lot. I actually hate their headline, but I love this. It's really, really clear. Your subtitle is simply your 1 liner. You know? It's simply your 1 liner, and that's how I think that's how I think about it.\
\
You don't need to go crazy and explain what you're working on. Just put your 1 liner in there. And the last thing is the CTA. CTA simply stands for call to action, and it is it is essentially a button that people click.\
\
Right? So for build space, for example, the CTA here is get started. Right? It's like, what is it? That you want your user to do. Right? So if I go to build space, The CTA is applied.\
\
Right? The CTA is simply to apply. And, yeah, You you you need to think about your CTA and what your CTA says. Don't overthink it too much. Just just just think like what you what do you want your user to do?\
\
Do you want your user to listen to your song. Do you want your user to watch your short film? Do you want your user to make an account? Do you want your user to donate to your cause.\
\
Like, what is it? That's your CTA. Okay. So now it's your turn. Let's head back to Fram and in Framer, what I want you all to do is edit this. So inframer, just a quick tutorial, you can click inside of this and just change everything.\
\
I can click inside of this and change everything So I can do IS3. So you can it's all editable. Right here. Right? And I can change even look at things in this button. Like, listen to my song.\
\
And I'm I'm gonna delete this button just because I don't like I like 1 CTA. So go ahead and create a headline for your itself, and create a subtitle, and create a CTA. And once you're done, please press But take some time here.\
\
Take takes like taking maybe 2 or 3 minutes to work on this. If you have questions, I'll answer them in the chat. If you're already done, kinda suspicious, that was that was way too fast.\
\
Hey, by the way, what you can do is I just I just made this this thread from Joshua's account, but in in hashtag general, once you've actually made your landing page, go Go ahead to S3LP screenshots, and just take a screenshot of this thing, like, right here.\
\
Just like screen shot it. Oh, I don't know if you you all saw, but you can click publish And then you instantly have this link live.\
\
So boom, I can click here and I have it live. Once it's live, take a screenshot of your whole page, and then I want you to all, simply take that and then post that here.\
\
And then I'm gonna go through a couple of them here. What if I already have my own website? It doesn't matter. Just do this. It's fun, and it'll teach you something. Maybe your current website is trash.\
\
I don't know. Regardless, if you have a website and even if you don't, this is just a good exercise. I do this exercise with build space pretty often, where I try to force myself to to make the landing page.\
\
Again, please, when you're done, go to general and post it here. And please only post it 1 time. Only 1 time. Thank you. What the hell is this? This is bad. Please delete this. Very clear requirement.\
\
Use the template that I gave you. This doesn't count. I'm sorry. Please delete this. Okay. Let's look at let's look at 1 of the I'm actually not gonna review any of these yet. I'm not gonna review any of these yet.\
\
Let's give it 2 more minutes here. Alright? It 2 more minutes. I feel like a lot of people are still giving me their current landing pages. Please use my template. There's a reason. Can you share us your template?\
\
It's not a template, actually. It's just I literally just go to framework. I click new website. I go to insert, and I click this thing right here. That's it. It's like a built in template and framer. It's just a it's the first 1.\
\
Just click that. Some people aren't paying attention, and that's okay. That's alright. We forgive We forgive and forget. Yeah. And then once you're all done, please post it in S3LP screenshots. This thread right here. S3LP screenshots.\
\
And again, please only post it 1 time. Thank you. How does Mike sound, by the way? Is this Mike here? Nice. I feel like after 5 weeks of and weekends, and then 10000000 dollars later, we finally we finally got a good mic.\
\
Isn't that funny? We have 10000000 dollars our account, and yet we still act like we have no money. If you're still asking where to post, sorry.\
\
You need to figure it out at this point. Framer is totally free. I think it just costs money to have custom domain. By the way, isn't it cool, everybody? Press 1 if this is your first website ever that you've ever made.\
\
I'm just curious. Like, you you have a deployed website like this. I'm just I'm totally curious. Okay. We got some ones. That's cool. Congratulations. Big moves. Big moves to have a website for the first time.\
\
I think what's really cool about this is that you have instantly a link that you can share with other people. And also, you can easily you can easily add a custom domain later. But we'll talk about that in a bit. Alright, everybody.\
\
So real quick, I promised us that this would only take 10 minutes. If you got a bounce now, feel free to bounce. I'm not gonna cover anything new after this. What I'm gonna do after this is I'm gonna review some of these landing pages.\
\
So if you wanna stick around for that, I'm here. If not and you gotta bounce, all good. Don't worry about it. Bob probably review stuff for another 10 minutes. And then I'm gonna give you some advice on socials and then that's it.\
\
Alright. Again, please post your landing page 1 time. Do not spam the chat. Alright. I'm gonna pick 1 at the top here and I wanna do this together with you all. Alright. Press 1 if you use this product.\
\
Press 2 if you don't Press 1 if you understand this and you click the CTA. Press 2 if you don't. Fast faster smarter briefs better campaigns. I'm A2I would not use this. Rather, let's not answer if we would use it.\
\
Let's just answer if we understand it. I I actually kind of understand the subtitle. But I don't understand what this is. I'm sorry. I kinda get what you're doing. You're trying to make better campaigns for advertising agencies.\
\
So, yeah, maybe an ad agency would understand this, but I don't know. I've I've dealt with many ad agencies. I don't know even know if an ad agency understand this. I think you have to be a lot more clear what it is.\
\
Like, create create faster, smarter, more effective campaigns, like, I don't get it. Like, how do you do that? How do you create faster, better, smarter campaigns? Like, that's what you gotta explain.\
\
Beat your friends in cricket, experience the battle crickets strategy in a card game. Press 1 if you understand this, press 2 if you don't. This is a 1 for me. I I very clearly understand what this is, and I really like this.\
\
I also really like how this person compared it to a card game. I think a lot of I think that the mistake a lot of people make is they'll try pitch their idea as if it's some brand new kind of revolutionary idea.\
\
When really, it's fine to not it's actually better if you if you aren't a revolutionary idea. You're just a cricket card game, and that's cool. That's awesome. You wanna kind of compare to things that already exist.\
\
Ideally. Alright. Same deal, everybody. Press 1, press 2. Press 1 if you understand this, press 2 if you don't. Understand web 3 in 60 second videos. Learn and get a job in 3 in a simple and accessible way.\
\
Yeah. This is awesome. I love this. Nothing nothing else to really say. I think that 1 thing that can make this better is to be more specific about What I'm gonna learn? Like, what about web through am I gonna learn?\
\
Is it like development or like what is it? Let's check about this 1. A royalty generating crypto screener. Press 1 if you understand this. Press 2 if you don't. Press 2 if you're like, what the fuck is this?\
\
Press 1 if you're like, oh, 0, cool. I'm A2I don't understand this. I don't I don't get it. Clearly, and easily identify tokens outperforming the broader market. What's a royalty generating crypto screener?\
\
I'm sorry. I don't understand this. It sounds like what you're trying to make is something that helps people invest in tokens that have a better chance of doing well, but I don't know what this headline means.\
\
You need to be much less You need to be much more what do you call it, like, obvious in your in your headline.\
\
Dylan, this is not this is not the template I gave you. Come on, Dylan. Alright. Let's just let's just review Dylan's because he's he's a cool AI. Press 1 if you get it, press 2 if you don't.\
\
Add beautiful leaderboards to your app in minutes. Flywheel is a React library, and it has 1 component. A sick leader board. I this is hard. I'm like a 1. 5. I'm like a 1. 5 on this 1. Because, like, I I'm a I'm a I'm a developer.\
\
Right? And as a developer, I don't know like, I don't add leaderboards to my products per se, usually. Right? Like, Maybe here you wanna be a lot more specific, like, add a beautiful leaderboard to your language learning app in minutes.\
\
Like most language learning apps have leaderboards. Right? So maybe you wanna be, like, a little more clear in terms of who this is for.\
\
Because as a developer, I don't really know if I would add leader board. Alright. Let me pick a different 1. Hey, this this this doesn't count. This doesn't count. Oh, man. There's some bad ones here.\
\
I don't wanna cover the bad ones. Feel bad. Okay. I'll roast a couple. Authentic videos. Press 1 if you understand this, press 2 if you don't. Oh, my god. This is a 2. I'm sorry. This is A2I know I think I know who this person is.\
\
This is Kevin, I believe. Yeah? Kevin? This is hard. It's like, I think this person is making a YouTube channel. What I would do is be very specific in in terms of what type of YouTube videos you're trying to make.\
\
You know what I mean? Like, I make YouTube videos about my life in, I don't know, America. In college. Like, that's like a very clear headline.\
\
Vlogs about my life in college, video essays about philosophy. Like, that is, like, very clear. You know what I mean? Let's do 2 more. And by the way, what what'd be really cool is if you all get a moment, try you can reply to these.\
\
Like, go and give your response to some of these people. If you don't like 1 of them or if you don't get it, like, give people feedback. Again, I'm I'm 1 guy. I can't go through.\
\
I can't I can't do everybody. But yeah. Alright. Let's do 2 more. 1 more here. Virtual characters for the virtual worlds, affordable and fast way to access create customized and add virtual characters to virtual worlds.\
\
Press 1 if you get it, press 2 if you don't. I'm too I don't understand what this is. People always do this thing where they're like, access, create, customize.\
\
It's like, dude, stop adding like 5 adjectives that describe what Are these are these adjectives? I don't know English. Stop just stop adding random words that try to hype up what you're doing.\
\
Just actually, your subtitles should be your 1 liner. Okay? Your subtitles should just be your 1 liner here. I don't know why people do this. Like, they try so hard to, like, over hype what they're working on. Like, stop trying.\
\
El grammar. It's a verb. Fuck. Come on man. I came to America as a little kid from Pakistan. So that's my that's my excuse. Not my first language. English is hard. Actually, it actually took me a while to learn English as a kid.\
\
Because when I came from boxing, I only knew Urdu. It was really weird. It took me a while to, like, actually get English. Okay. Let's do 1 more that that that that that that okay.\
\
Let's do this 1. We help artists keeps keep fans hooked. Interactive listening parties where fans vote amingo with others. Press 1 if you get it, press 2 if you don't. I love this 1, but I think it's like a 1 point for me.\
\
It's almost there. Maybe it's like I feel like the headline is kinda scammy. I got him like the word hooked. It just feels kinda scammy, but that's just me. Maybe like I don't know. Yeah. I don't like the word hooked.\
\
Anybody have another headline here? I'm blanking on this 1. We help artists keep fans around. Keep fans retained, engaged. But I feel like this also doesn't describe what it is. So maybe, like, that's my problem right now.\
\
It's like, what is this? Right? So maybe you're headline is interactive listening parties for your fans. Like, I don't think you need to sell in the headline. Like, imagine this is your let me just do this 1 live.\
\
What if we just had? Interactive, listening parties, with your fence. You know? It's like, this is not perfect, but What I like about this is that I at least know what you're doing immediately.\
\
You know? Again, My number 1 thing is, the main mistake people will make is they'll do some shit like this, like, Stop, like, you need to make sure, like, Are you interacting with your fans?\
\
Like, this is bad. I know a lot of people will do this. Like, they'll try really hard to sell what they're working on. And yeah. I mean, I feel like you guys you all have heard me say it enough, where I don't want you to sell.\
\
I want you to be clear and concise. I want you to be clear and concise. That's it. Okay. Cool. So that's it, that's all we got. And I wanna I was gonna do 1 more thing here with you all, but I would say please do it on your own time.\
\
1 thing I really like if I go back to where is this person? To raise is like take, like, 30 minutes today and work on your socials.\
\
Like, make your socios really pop. Maybe make a Twitter account. What I highly recommend that everybody do is to make a Twitter account for their project and to make a LinkedIn for their project.\
\
So let me go here. Sorry. Yeah. Like, make a Twitter for your project and a LinkedIn for your project. Do both.\
\
So for example, like, you know, Buildpace has a Twitter. Right? Go ahead and make your Twitter for your project. You know, get your at. And then for LinkedIn, do the same thing. Like, make a page on LinkedIn where it's for your project.\
\
I highly recommend that you all do that because think about it. Look how much more legit I look if I just have what I'm working on in in my bio. Right? Just like that. It looks so much more legit. Know what I mean?\
\
It looks so much more legit, and you all can be a legit too. It takes you 30 minutes. Anybody can do this. So I highly recommend that you all take like 30 minutes today to make a Twitter account for your project and then put it here.\
\
If you're more of a LinkedIn person or actually even if you're not a LinkedIn person, what I recommend is going to LinkedIn, making a page for your project, and then setting yourself as a creator.\
\
On LinkedIn. So, like, if I go to my LinkedIn, you know, I have my as the founder of build space. Right? So you all should also have yourself as the creator or the founder of your thing.\
\
Right? So why not? You got nothing to lose. And honestly, it makes you look so much more legit. Like all of you are founders are the creators of your thing.\
\
Call yourself whatever you want. You make the title. You're the boss, you know? So again, that's like a little bonus 30 minute task for you all to to go after. And again, like I said, have a very, very simple 1 liner and your website.\
\
Like, don't over complicate this. If I go to BuildSpace's Twitter right now, like, we're simple. We're the place where people build cool shit backed by YC and a 16 z, and we have our website.\
\
That's it. So simple. That's all you gotta do. And that's all, everybody. Thank you all for hanging out. I feel like we did a lot today, and I feel like I I talk a lot.\
\
So I'm sorry if you lost some brain cells listening to listening to me today, but hopefully, you gain some brain cells. Press 1 if you gain brain cells press 2 if you didn't. I don't know.\
\
We had this phrase at Build Space where some things make your brain more wrinkly? Like, there was this thing. I don't know I don't know if this is fake news or not, but the smarter you get, the more wrinkles your brain develops.\
\
So it's like you wanna have a more wrinkly brain. You know what I So I hope that you all are ending this session with a more wrinkly brain. Actually, that analogy is kinda weird.\
\
Not gonna lie. I don't know about that 1 anymore. Never mind. Oh, yeah. Smooth brain versus wrinkly brain. That was the yeah. You you don't you don't want a smooth brain. You want a wrinkly brain. Do I have wrinkles in my brain?\
\
No. I have the smoothest brain probably of anybody here. Okay, everybody. Thanks so much. I'm gonna hang around for just 4 more minutes and answer any questions you all got, but I'll see you all next week.\
\
Okay? Peace. Please head out. And if I'm gonna answer a couple questions in chat as they come. Any questions, chat, I wanna answer just 3 questions today because I know I usually don't answer questions.\
\
By Rifts create. Bye. Bye everybody. Buy dot dot com. Buy rocks. No questions? When will the RSVP form for the in person event to be sent out? It was already sent out last week. What email can I ask you a private question?\
\
Just ask it here. Why are you why does it have you have private question. How to not be cringe on TikTok? Just be yourself. Has sponsorships been decided, not all sponsorships have been decided.\
\
We're deciding, I think, all of them today, I believe. How do you use your day 1 journal? I mean, yeah, I just I journal about 3 times a day. So I just take, like, 20 to 10:30 minutes and I just journal. But day one's amazing.\
\
I highly recommend it. You all are trying to get into journaling. Day 1 is is amazing. Will we ever get the chai recipe? Yeah. Actually, when you come IRL, we got something planned for the people in SF in San Francisco.\
\
The chai recipe is gonna it's not just a meme. It's not just a fable, you know? Who's coming SF, by the way? I'm excited for that. Can't make it to IRR, rats. Do you just say SF? It's just SF.\
\
Yeah. SF and Dubai. Alright, everybody. Looks like we answered most of these questions. Thanks so much. And I'm broke. Did you Bob a course or Bobu course did you apply for the sponsorship? If you're broke, I'm sorry you're broke.\
\
I feel like next season would be really fun, is if you're broke, that your goal for the 6 weeks to be to make enough money from your nights and weekends project, to cover the cost of you coming out to the IR event.\
\
That'd be such a cool goal. That'd be so cool. Anyways, everybody. If you're broke, You know, you still got 2 weeks left to figure out how to make some money from your project.\
\
I believe in you. I'm broke and I didn't submit the updates I failed. I mean, I wouldn't I wouldn't call yourself a failure. That's a little bit intense.\
\
Alright, everybody. Thanks so much. I'll talk to you all on Thursday. We have Ryan Hoover. The founder of Product Hunt, and it's gonna it's gonna be a good time. I'm excited. So see you there? And peace. Bye. So me.}