{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Shat. How are you? Is there anybody doing? Press 1 if you can hear me and see me. How's everybody doing today?\
\
We have a very wide shot today. I I've like this entire room now. I can just walk around. It's pretty awesome. Also, just to give you a sense of how large this place is, I can literally go like like Get all the way over here.\
\
So it's like pretty crazy. It's just a massive, massive place. And yeah, we're still working on it. This is the first week of our school being open. Or rather construction being closed.\
\
Construction ended on Monday, and we moved into our new office on Monday. And, yeah, The first batch of our IRRRL school is actually starting July tenth officially and we've already begun reaching out to some prospects.\
\
In nights and weekends. Alright? Yep. We're good. Alright. Cool. But I'm already looking for some prospects in a 19 weekends for the IRRRL school. But again, it starts July tenth. And we're very excited about it.\
\
But and also, we got a little we're we're gonna I'll give you a little sneak peek real quick actually right now. We have a different shot. But check out this. We're actually building an anime an anime wall.\
\
Let me show it to you real quick. Check that out. This is actually live right now. Jeff, Devin, say what's up. Hey, we're putting a giant anime wall and and yeah, we're it's gonna be interesting. Mike gained a little bit too loud.\
\
I'll turn I'll turn a little bit down. Anyways, that's the anime wall. How much in the light down? Sorry about that. 16. 7. Hi. Should be should be fine. Or now it's too low. 1 second. Sorry. Alright. Cool.\
\
It should be fine. Okay. So let's talk about what we are working. My game was perfect. Man, I hate when people tell me something sounds bad, then I change it, then it sounds worse, then I go back to it and the original thing was better.\
\
I hate when that happens. Alright. Let's talk about what we're up to today. So today, we're talking about some marketing stuff.\
\
So just to give you a layout for what today's session is gonna look like, by the way. Today's session is really gonna be like any other Saturday shenanigans where we spend most of our time kinda just hanging out.\
\
And just again, we're gonna put on some Lofi for 30 to 45 minutes and work together on some stuff like any session we normally do.\
\
But I wanna I'm gonna change on this Saturday session a little bit and have it more focused actually on marketing.\
\
Which is something that you all should be focusing on this week and we're probably focusing a lot on for the next 3 weeks.\
\
Also by the way, f in the chat. This is our last Saturday and again because next week, I'm out celebrating a 1 year anniversary with the girlfriend.\
\
And the week after that is demo day on Saturday. So this is our last Saturday shenanigan. F in the chat, It's fun while it lasted.\
\
I actually love Saturday shenanigans because even though there's there's much fewer people that show up, I feel like the people that show up are like, Usually pretty cool, you know, because it's like you guys are out here working hard on a Saturday, and I I respect that because most people aren't doing that.\
\
And I respect the hustle, you know? 1 year, but hey, I think it's worth it. You know? You think it's worth it or should I should I stream should I stream live?\
\
My anniversary. My girlfriend probably came out of me, actually. Let's not do that. Okay. So first of all, I wanna do a Saturday shout out, actually. To a a person who's making something very interesting in nights and weekends.\
\
They are working on short films and I wanna shut out their short film. They made a 3 minute short film for nights and weekends. I think they're doing 1 to 2 short films. Are they trying to do 1 short film a week?\
\
Which is pretty crazy, but let me show you what this person's working on because I think it's pretty cool. Let me just pull up the link real quick. 1 sec. Alright. Where is it? Here it is. Alright. Let me set this all up.\
\
Boom. No. It's hard. Hard to keep up with everyone and everything. I know that there's a lot of pressure being a creator and to do something unique. But the truth is, even the greatest thing in the world were achieved by doing this.\
\
Step 1, learn. To create something new, you must be willing to learn new things. This could mean learning a new skill, language, or even just waking up earlier.\
\
Whatever it may be, it's important to keep learning and pushing yourself beyond your limits. Step 2, build. It's time to put that knowledge to use, create something that shows the world what you can do.\
\
This could be a new app, a piece of hard work, a revolutionary product, whatever it is, make sure it's something that you're passionate about and proud of.\
\
But there's always a what if, what if things room go wrong? What if people don't like it?\
\
What if you're not able to earn money? Step 3. Within it. We know we all have come to a billion dollar ideas. But trust me, what if works? When you keep on building on your ideas, and change according to useful viewpoints.\
\
And at last, step 4. Repeat. As a creator, you're not just building something new. You're building something that matters to you. Whether it's a hobby or a career, it's important to follow your passion and pursue what you love.\
\
Building something new requires hard work and application. So make sure it's something you truly care about. In the end, building something great and new it easy, but it's worth it.\
\
Dan, that was pretty good. That was a someone in Mexican's weekend named Rohit. And he's making sure films. So if you like this short film, please let him let us let him know in the chat here.\
\
Drop drop him an out of 10 rating, maybe some feedback, but yeah, that's Rohit. 1 second. Sorry, Chad. Okay. So let's talk about the task and the goal for today.\
\
So the challenge today is actually very simple. The challenge is to post somewhere new. And I kinda wanna talk about what that means. So I think a lot of you have been posting now on Twitter, LinkedIn, all these different platforms.\
\
Right? And I think on Monday, I talked a little bit about I talked a little bit about trying to post on some new places, but I think very few of you are actually still doing that.\
\
And I wanna cover some examples today of what I mean. And I want today to be a very focused kind of 30 to 45 minute session where you're kind of purely focused on On marketing, I'm purely focused on trying something.\
\
I want you everybody in the chat today. How many people? 215 people to try something new today. When it comes to marketing. And we're gonna do it together. And I'm gonna give you some advice.\
\
Or sorry. I hate to give you I don't I usually I'm gonna give you some of my own learnings. Don't really believe in giving advice, but I'm gonna give you my own learnings, things that I fucked up in the past when trying this.\
\
And I think, you know, in this session, we can totally push you to actually try something new when it comes to marketing.\
\
So let's let's do it. First of all, the the main mistake I see from 99 percent of you is you're not thinking about your audience.\
\
I think 99 percent of you still feel like You kind of magically expect people to care what you're working on? Like, magically. But that's just not how it works.\
\
Right? I think that there's a basic checklist that you can go through when working on But when working on basically marketing, that I go through, at least, that helps that that has helped me a lot. So let's try it out.\
\
Number 1 and this is probably the most important thing when it like whenever you make a new post whenever you try to get someone you to use your thing or check out your thing or care about your thing, what I would do first is just think.\
\
Would you yourself jump on your own post.\
\
If you saw your post while scrolling Twitter, if you saw your post while scrolling Reddit, if you saw your post on like a Facebook group like your message, would you yourself be like 10 out of 10 excited and then jump on that post?\
\
And I think for like Most of you, if you just asked yourself this question, you would save yourself so much trouble.\
\
I think most of you all you think you think about it the other way around where you think, oh, like I'm trying to get other people to jump on my post.\
\
Therefore, I should make my post for other people. Right? But no, like scratch all that. Make these posts make your all your marketing material for yourself at this stage especially.\
\
No 1 knows like, if you're not excited by it at this stage, We're like, you have less than a thousand people using your thing. I promise you, no one's gonna be excited about it.\
\
So make sure that whenever you make any of these posts, whenever you write a tweet, whenever you make a TikTok, whenever you make like any of these these sort of things, that you would jump on your own post, And the best example that I like to pose is Let me get my phone here.\
\
Imagine, you know, you're scrolling through Twitter, you're scrolling through TikTok, whatever you scroll through.\
\
And would you stop and look at your own post? Like, ask yourself very honestly. Like, would I stop and look at my own post? And I think for like 90 percent of you, you wouldn't stop at your own post.\
\
So Alright. So can someone understand what you're working on in 3 to 5 seconds is the next thing. That's probably The other really, really important thing to kinda think about.\
\
Like, would someone understand like, if you're looking at your own post and you're reading what you're what you're what you're looking at, Like like you're reading your own post.\
\
Would you actually understand what you're trying to say in 3 to 5 seconds? I think for most of you, not how you think about it. Because think about it. You're somebody that's so deeply involved in whatever it is you're working on.\
\
Right? So of course, you're gonna understand what you're working on. But what I would really think about is if someone brand new would read that post, like on Twitter or Facebook or Reddit, right?\
\
Would they be able to understand what you're working on in 3 to 5 seconds? I think that that's like a really important question to ask, basically.\
\
If the answer is no, then that's a problem. And finally, what's really important is asking yourself What's in it for the other person? You know? What's in it for the person who's actually who's actually reading this?\
\
I think a lot of the times people think that what's in it for the other person is that they get to use your beautiful magical product, you know? And what is this person saying in chat?\
\
Dump every idea you can't get interesting. You need to think about like what's in it for them. Right? So I think most people what they think is, like, you know, people will get to use my magical product and that's what's in it for them.\
\
But to be honest, like, that's what's like not in it for them, you know. What's in it for them is is Something else. Something a little bit deeper. Because think about it. No 1 actually cares to use what you're working on, usually.\
\
So what you have to do is you have to paint it a little bit different for them. And I kinda I kinda show you what I mean in a in a bit. Okay. So let's talk about what we wanna do here today.\
\
Okay? 1 of the first things is you're gonna pick a new channel. So today, I want you all to kind of like pick think of a brand new channel that you can that you can use, that you can post on today.\
\
So for example, think of a channel that you haven't really posted on yet today, or you haven't really posted on at all in like recent memory.\
\
So maybe you've never posted on Reddit. Maybe you've never posted on TikTok. Maybe you've never posted on like a Facebook group. But I I would think about a channel that's very specific to wherever your audience is.\
\
Okay? So like, I would try to pick a channel today that's highly specific to your audience. So like, if you're making something for developers, be very specific to developers.\
\
If you're making something for like I don't know, like, chefs. Be very specific towards people who are chefs. Right? Where are the chefs? Like where do chefs live online? Like, are they in Facebook groups?\
\
Are they in are they in chef forums? Like, where are they? You know? So I would think about that. So pick a new channel today is what I say. And I kinda wanna give a very small example real quick. Let's find it. Alright. Let's find it.\
\
So I used to I wanna give a very small example of like how 1 post can like change everything. Because I think it's very it's kinda hard to understand like how much the right post can change like your your entire direction.\
\
So this is 1 post that I made a very long time ago. Back when I was in college. So let's check it out. It was on Reddit. And by the way, this post had 19000 up votes, which on itself is insane. But check it out.\
\
It said, this is the title of the post. Now, I want everybody to just read the title, and then let me know what you think. Write this out of 10. Like, would you Are you excited by this? Maybe. Do you understand what it is?\
\
And are you Do you know what's in it for you? And try to kinda rank this. You know, this is back when I was making a product for League of Legends, so I'm guessing most of you don't play League of Legends, but Try your best here.\
\
Try your best. And give me a little bit and and give me a ranking. So basically, I think that this is a pretty good title for someone that knows League of Legends.\
\
Right? So I wrote this back when I was like 21. Back in college, But I posted it on a very specific place on Reddit. I I posted it on r slash league of legends, which is the main league of legends home.\
\
Right? So back then, again, I made this just for some context. I made this product back then where it was a website where it played music for people. Based on the character they played in this video game.\
\
Right? So I thought to myself, hey, where do I post my product. Right? Where do people who play League of Legends? Where are they? Right? So I kinda made a big list. Well, people who play League of Legends, they're on the forums.\
\
They're on Reddit. They're on Facebook groups. They're on Facebook pages. They're on Instagram. And I thought about all these places, and I picked the easiest 1 for me to post on, which was Reddit.\
\
And I made this post. And actually, this post got 19000 upvotes. Within 7 days, I had almost 500000 users on what I was working on. Within 30 days, I had 1500000. 0 users for what I was working on.\
\
It was it was goddamn insane. I'm not saying you all should post on Reddit or it's like it it works for you, but all I'm saying is like, This is an example of where I was being highly targeted in terms of what I was trying to work on.\
\
Where rather where I was trying to be highly focused in terms of my audience. Right? That first sentence was unnecessary, I feel like, would you agree or disagree? That's actually pretty funny. I feel like I I still love this sentence.\
\
Almost 6 years later, I still love this sentence. Because I feel like this sentence kind of grabs like the attention of the reader. It's like, oh my god. Who is this person who spent months of their life? Like, I'm painful at work.\
\
Like, what's going on here? You know what I mean? It's almost like a hook. So, I still like that sentence, but yeah. I'm biased. But I wrote this back when I was 21, so I would probably change a lot now, but it's just an example.\
\
Take from it what you will. Let me give you another example here. Again, another example with with once again with with Kind of Reddit. I essentially got really good at Reddit as my channel.\
\
This is another example. So this was also back when I was like 21 22. Actually, this was back when I was like 19 or something. Like, I wasn't I just got into college or I just graduated high school, basically.\
\
And Check it out. I posted this on r slash smash bros. So here's my title. What do you all think? And here's my post. Believe it or not, I actually made almost 5000 dollars from this post.\
\
In like 2 days. So basically, is this even gonna work? There's no way this works. Oh my god. It still works. Holy shit. So I remember, by the way, just so you all know, I play Super Smash Brothers Mele competitively.\
\
Like, I'm obsessed with this game. I played almost every day still. But I made this poster for for 1 of the characters in the game, which is Martha.\
\
And it pretty much it's the most nerdy shit ever. I took Marth, the character, and I I took his individual frames, and I put his frames and all of his moves on a big poster.\
\
That's all I did. And I put that poster up on Reddit on Reddit right here. On this post, And I said, hey, like, I made a really cool poster.\
\
What do you all think? Now look, I wanna make something very obvious here. Nowhere am I saying, I am Farza. I am making Super Smash Brothers posters. Buy 1 for 20 dollars.\
\
What I'm saying is, hi, I made a cool poster. What do you all think? And that's it. And that's actually 1 of the best types of posts, to be honest. Because remember, you have to assume that nobody gives a shit what you're working on.\
\
Please always remember that Please try to focus on like what's actually cool for the audience. You know? Like, think about what's cool about what you're working on, and then try to frame that for the audience.\
\
So in this case, I just made a a simple poster. And by the way, it's crazy. I ended up making almost over the next couple of months. I made almost 10000 dollars. Off of the this the same idea.\
\
Essentially, I took the same idea and I made posters for all the characters and I made a new post for every character. So I was, hey, I made a Falcon poster. I made a Mario poster, and I just made a fuck ton of money off these posters.\
\
But it's it's so crazy. Right? How simple it can actually be when you just focus on what you're actually doing When you're not trying to sell, when you're just trying to show people something cool.\
\
Rocks. That's funny. Nintendo didn't ask for royalties. Yeah. Let's Moving on.\
\
Moving on. Moving on. Moving on. I'm curious. I have 1 more again, I have 1 more example. Don't wanna to I don't wanna show too many Reddit examples just because I don't want you all to think that Reddit is where you're gonna like win.\
\
But essentially, I spent years and years getting good at Reddit. But I'm gonna show you 1 more Reddit example. I used to also make a lot of YouTube videos.\
\
So this is an example. So I made a lot of YouTube videos. From like the age of 14 to 19, I made like almost 607 hundred YouTube videos. And 1 of the I used to always I used to always struggle in the beginning getting viewers.\
\
And this is actually 1 I used to always post my videos on Reddit. So here's 1 title I made. Like, what do you all think about this title? Please rate this title out of 10.\
\
And looks like oh, yeah. I made this video private. This video ended up getting like a hundred thousand views, but I made it private because it was kinda cringe. But essentially, this is crazy like I posted this.\
\
It got 597 up votes. It made the front page of r slash League of Legends, which is the homepage for League of Legends. And I got a ton of comments, I got a ton of love, and it was awesome.\
\
I got almost like like 5000 subscribers from this from this single post. It was crazy. So again, but like What's cool about this is you wanna get really good at knowing where your audience is.\
\
And then posting cool shit for them. But I want to be very clear like, I didn't just post this on Reddit. I posted this in a very specific part of Reddit, which is r slash legal legends.\
\
For example, if I'm working on like a fitness app, I'm not gonna post it on Reddit. I'm gonna post it on r slash fitness or a very specific fitness community, you know.\
\
So Anyways, that's another example. And I'm I'm gonna give you a 1 more example you're gonna think it's it's kinda fun and it's kinda creative and maybe it gets something in your mind going, but this is going way back in my history.\
\
But this is a store I started when I was like 13, 14. Called clothing house now. So basically when I was like super young, I I made these these online stores where I sold clothes where I sold DVDs, I sold printers, all sorts of stuff.\
\
And look at this. Look at all my happy customers. Exactly as described. Very quick ship. Good business. Thanks. Man, this is this is great. I haven't I haven't read this in a while.\
\
This is like almost 15 20 years old or 15 plus years old by the way. But again, what I'm showing you this for is back when I was starting starting out selling printers and and like t shirts, I didn't know.\
\
Think about it. I'm 13, 14 years old. Where the fuck am I supposed to buy some find someone to buy a t shirt? You know? So I had this idea where I would go on eBay.\
\
It's really stupid by the way. I would go on eBay and I would make a new listing for an item and the listing would be like a penny. It would cost 1 penny. And what I would do is is actually really stupid.\
\
Let me should walk you all through it. So for example, 1 thing I used to sell was these things, DVD plus r blank 50 pack. So check this out. If I do this, what Ebay will do is it'll pop the most like cheap ones to the top.\
\
So what I would do is I would take my biggest competitor like this 1, verbatim, and I would literally take their same title and I would make my price 0 like 1 cent.\
\
So I'd basically, eBay would pop my listing to the top even though I'm a new seller.\
\
And I made it cost 1 cent. And then what I did was, once someone bought that for me from 1 cent, I said that I would sell them another 1 for half the price, half the normal price, which was 15 dollars.\
\
So I would actually break even for my first, like, hundred sales, basically.\
\
By just tricking I didn't trick people per se, but like, you know, I kinda got them in the door. With the 1 cent deal, and then I I kind of, you know, establish myself as a as a seller.\
\
And then from there, it was easy. I was like, hey, you already bought my DVDs for 1 cent. I had this other thing as well for normal price, Do you wanna buy it? Like, I can give you great shipping.\
\
I can give you great, like, I can give you like a great deal. So again, like, it was really stupid. And I think, like, When you think about what you're working on, think about how you can kind of game the out yeah.\
\
I like this game the algorithm. 1 of the actually coolest ideas Again, this this is an example of an idea that didn't work. So maybe Alex in the chat. He can remember this.\
\
Is anybody know what out school is? Anybody know what out school is? Out school is a is is an online learning community where essentially teachers can host classes like this, so teachers can host a bunch of classes.\
\
It's a giant marketplace of teachers and classes. So it's like any teacher can come on the platform and teach any class they want and make money.\
\
Right? So back then, I was working on zip school. So I was working on zip school dot com. And back then we were actually struggling to get we were struggling on getting users.\
\
Right? We had a couple thousand users initially, but then we were struggling to get more. We're like, man. Where do we find? Like this was our products by the way that we were working on before build space.\
\
It was very simple. It was a product that would teach kids science and engineering. Right? It was a product that would teach kids science and engineering. So then what we thought was, I think it was Alex idea Alex in the chat.\
\
Alex said, hey, let's go post our classes on out school. Because out school is like a massive marketplace of classes. So then, essentially, that's what we did. We actually took our classes and we posted them on out school. Right?\
\
So that when people were browsing for when people were browsing for classes for their kid on out school, they would find zip school. Right? It sounds like a good idea. And actually, it's a really good idea, but I think it didn't work.\
\
I forgot what happened, Alec. Maybe you can remember. But I remember when we tried it, but it didn't work. Like, it didn't work that well. But do you all know what I get I'm getting at here? Like, this is what I mean by marketing.\
\
And I wouldn't even call this growth hacking. I would just call this finding where your people are and then making posts for your people. Like my people, when I was working on zip school, were parents, with children ages 4 to 9.\
\
Right? So where were parents? Well, parents were on out school. Parents were all over out school. Every parent knew out school at the time. And And all I wanted to do was get in front of those parents. Right? And that's what we did.\
\
We made a post for them. So I don't want you all to kind of complicate this by calling this growth hacking, by calling this like fancy marketing. This was really just like so stupid. It's like where are our users?\
\
Let's go get them. Like let's go make a post for them. It's just 2 things. It was crazy. It's very very simple. But again, like I said in the first lecture, things that are simple are deceivingly complex, so Okay.\
\
Cool. So I've kind of given you all a bunch of examples and I want you to take this time now to be a little creative. I I'm gonna set a timer for for 35 minutes.\
\
And for 35 minutes by the end of the 35 minutes, I want you all to have posted somewhere new. I want you to have posted somewhere new. You know, if you're working on some AI tool Great. Post it on some new place.\
\
If you're working on some new finance thing, great. Post it on some Facebook group. Find some new place where your people are. And let me give you some advice here. Before we start, I want you to think about 3 things right now.\
\
Where are your people? Like the people who want to use what you're working on, Where are they? You know? I would think about that a little bit deeply. Like and what I would think about is, like, Try to be kind of normal about this.\
\
Like, I don't know, don't complicate it. Like if you're making something for people who We can go through this we can go through some examples, but I essentially want you to think about where your people are.\
\
So for example, I was working on a League of Legends product. Where are my people? My people are on the subreddit for League of Legends. Right?\
\
What would hype them up in a new way? What's something that would hype up your people in a new way? And, you know, you know your people best and your people are your users. Right? Believe it or not, you definitely know your people best.\
\
And if you don't, well, you gotta get to know them. Right? That's why you talk to your users. And third thing is very important, how do you make it feel like it's not an ad or a shill?\
\
How do you make it feel like it's not an ad or a show? I think that's also really important. So these are the 3 kind of tips I have for you. Maybe in the chat right now, you all can what's like 1 idea you have?\
\
Real quick, before we get started. What's an idea you have of a place? Of a new place that you can post your your what you're working on. A new channel. Give me something creative, something very specific. Farming TikTok?\
\
Well, TikTok is really big, but honestly, that's fine. Give it a shot. Use hashtag farming. Reddit. We're on Reddit. Reddit. We're on Reddit. You gotta tell me we're on Reddit. Reddit's a huge website. What's app group chats?\
\
With Indian families? Okay. Near dot XYZ. But that doesn't make any sense. Right? Mir dot XYZ is like just a blogging platform like Why would anybody How does that work? A podcast? I mean, can you get on a podcast in 30 minutes?\
\
You only have 30 minutes, by the way. That's That's the challenge for you. You have 35 minutes to do this. If you can get on a podcast in the next 35 minutes, alright. You can try it. NFT community discord servers r slash a I tools.\
\
Oh, is that real? Really? Reddit dot com slash r slash a I tools. By there, just so you all know with Reddit. Oh, shit. R slash learn programming. Just so you don't know with Reddit, by the way.\
\
Reddit is Reddit will immediately ban you if you're like advertising. So you have to kind of not advertise. You know what I mean? If you remember my Reddit post, none of them were advertisements.\
\
Like, I'm not saying, go use my product. I'm be I'm more saying, hey, I made something cool. What do you think? You know? So I'm not trying to get people to pay for, I'm not trying to get people to do anything.\
\
I'm just like, hey, I made something cool. What do you think? TikTok hashtag crossfit. I like it. TikTok is always worth it. Like, if you got 35 minutes at TikTok and and the right hashtag on TikTok can really do good.\
\
Think a lot of people make the mistake with with the shorts platforms where they they aren't very specific with their audience. Like, you wanna be very specific. Like if you're making yeah.\
\
Hashtag crossfit is cool, like crossfit TikTok, you know? Okay. Cool. I like a lot of your ideas. I like a lot of your ideas. But again, you have 35 minutes and I would think about just 1 place for you to post.\
\
R slash indie dev r slash game dev, Yeah. Give it a shot. Reaching out through the emails or the DMs? I would say let's not do emails and DMs right now. Try and do something.\
\
Try and do something where you're posting it in front of your people. That's what I always say. Like, Let's remember, like, just go back to my examples where I I gave you. Right? Like, I'm working on a League of Legends product.\
\
Therefore, where are people who play League of Legends? People who play League of Legends are on forums. They're on their subreddits. They're on Facebook groups. Right? I would think about where where they are.\
\
And again, try something new. If you've already done Reddit before, try something new. If you've already done TikTok before, try something new. You have 35 minutes. All you have everything to gain and nothing to lose.\
\
So give it a shot. So what I'm gonna do now is I'm gonna put on some low 5. Hang on. I want to make the goal very clear. In 35 minutes, You should have posted what you're working on somewhere new.\
\
That's like different for you. That's the challenge. Just like I showed you a bunch of posts and I showed you a bunch of fancy marketing tricks that I did, you do the same thing.\
\
And give it a shot, you never know. What should we play today, by the way, Kat? Any specific type of Lofi? I'm thinking maybe anime Lofi, but I'm kind of getting A little tired of anime theme songs.\
\
Maybe this is good. Who accepts the challenge? Please write challenge accepted in the chat if you if you promise that you'll get this done for me or at least try to get this done.\
\
Alright. Challenge accepted. I like it. Challenge reluctantly accepted I appreciate the the honesty Shafali.\
\
By the Shafali, your music is so good. By the way, let me just show up. Maybe me maybe we chat before we start. We can show this person's music and we can get an idea here.\
\
But this person made a theme song for nights and weekends. So let's listen to a little bit of their track, like 30 seconds or a minute, and I want you all to write in the chat where this person should post their music.\
\
If they wanna get more listeners. Alright. Let's try it out. And again, this person made literally a theme song for build space called time to build.\
\
So shout out to Shafali. Gonna build today. I can move in. If you wanna have to stay Okay. I'll have a we'll we'll we'll post this link in the chat if you wanna listen to it further, by the way.\
\
But where should this person post their music? Chat. Give me a very specific place where this person can post their music. Don't give me like general Give me something very like, this this sounded like kinda indie poppy.\
\
It sounded kinda experimental. Where do people who listen to experimental music Sorry. Where do people who listen to experimental music listen to this sort of stuff?\
\
When you think about like experimenting music or like, even like this type of music, where are those people? Where would you post this? Good. Just write a red iron chat. Where would you post this?\
\
If you had 35 minutes, Spotify I mean, Spotify is a huge platform. That's the problem. Like, No one's gonna give a shit if you post on Spotify. What's a very specific place? Bandcamp? Maybe. I don't use bandcamp, so I have no idea.\
\
SoundCloud, that doesn't make any sense. Right? Like, why would someone See, I I don't like these answers because they're not specific enough. Because SoundCloud, Spotify, these are huge platforms.\
\
YouTube, that's a huge platform. Chat, let's get more specific. Come on. More specific. Indian music Discord, 10 an amazing answer. Indian music Discord's amazing answer. Reddit to inspo subreddits.\
\
I love that. That's fucking good. R slash startups. Amazing answer. TikTok with the correct hashtags. I like it. Make oh, I love this answer. Make a Spotify public playlist for a specific genre and put that song first.\
\
Yo. That's a banger answer. I would just make like a cool a cool yeah. I love that. Like make a public playlist like experimental indie pop. Right? I don't know. And then take this playlist and then post it on Reddit.\
\
But make it Chipotle, you would put your song first. Like, that's that's a really cool idea as well. Again, if you just make the playlist, nobody's gonna care. Right? Nobody cares about your your old playlist.\
\
You have to you have to you have to put it like On a subreddit, somewhere people care. But again, this is why I don't like answers like SoundCloud, YouTube, Spotify, because these are just all bad answers.\
\
These are huge platforms, well, nobody will give a shit while you're working on. You wanna be very specific as to where your people are. So like honestly when I first heard this song, I thought it would be perfect for for this 1.\
\
R slash indie pop. It's a very very small community with 3400 people, and I thought it would be really good for the subreddit. Like you have nothing to lose by just posting it on r slash indie pop.\
\
You know what I mean? So Alright, Chad. Hope that all makes sense. Hope that example helped a little bit, and let's do this. I'm gonna go over to this group shot, by the way. Check this out.\
\
Check out this group shot. Eo. And we got the homies working here. That's Jeffrey and that's Devin. They're working hard and we're just gonna put on some low fi and we're gonna put on a countdown timer for 35 minutes and get to work.\
\
So Let's do it. Okay? See you all in 35 minutes. And you said challenge accepted, so you better you better do this. I swear. You better do it, please. Thank you. Alright, Chad. Let's start wrapping up. How do we do? How are you feeling?\
\
Did you press 1 if you if you posted somewhere to you, press 2 if you didn't. Press 2 if you still didn't. Press 1 if you did it. Press 1 if you did the small task that you needed to do, which is just post somewhere new.\
\
And where did you post? Well, that's a lot of ones. Yo, I'd love to know chat. Where did you post? Please, tell us. Tell us. Tell us. Tell us. Reddit your first post.\
\
For anybody, was this their first? First post on some platform? I'm curious. A Reddit. A lot of Reddit. That's pretty cool. Hacker News. YouTube shorts. R slash Star Wars. What are you making? R slash Star Wars? What are you making?\
\
That's cool. R slash spices. R slash vegan. Yes. Yes. I hope that your post doesn't get deleted by the moderators because there's a 90 percent chance that it won't get deleted by the moderators because just because that's already works.\
\
In the last years, I bought 30 Udemy courses. I found the Discords of each course and then went through each of them and post in there. That's pretty cool.\
\
R slash a lot of Reddit. I'm glad you all are finding Reddit useful. That's pretty cool. I hope you do well there. There's a very high chance that you get deleted on Reddit because it's people are gonna think you're advertising.\
\
So that's good feedback for you. If your post gets deleted, it means that you have failed in actually you've actually failed in in improperly communicating what you're working on without advertising. Yo. Rock's very nice.\
\
Okay. Sounds like a win. Sounds like a win overall for everybody. Love your naruto tattoo a. Thank you. I'm thinking of getting another tattoo today over here. Right here. I got this 1 over here, but I think we get a new 1 here today.\
\
Can I show you what I'm gonna get? And then we'll just and then we'll just call it a day. But I think I think we're all good. Right? I think you all did something amazing. You posted somewhere brand new.\
\
I hope this was useful. I know that there's like again this is why I love the Saturday streams. It's like only a small group of us and it's fun. It's only the ones that really want to get shit done and I'm glad you all came out.\
\
So seriously, from the bottom of my heart, thank you for coming where am I where am I from the bottom of my heart, thank you for coming out to all these Saturday.\
\
Saturday shenanigans. Sad for this to be the last 1 in season 3, but hey season 4 we're gonna do a lot more shenanigans.\
\
So Your post just got deleted. Yeah. Again with Reddit, you really got to watch out. I want to say it's really good training. Like if you're getting deleted from Reddit, it means that You didn't do your doubt.\
\
Anyways, let me show you the tattoo, I guess. I'm gonna get this. This is exactly how I should be using my stream time. This is the definitely the most important way for me to be spending my time with you.\
\
Alright? Definitely. I'm gonna get this on over here basically today, probably. Yeah. This is the last Saturday Saturday and again because next week I have something to attend to and the week after that is demo day on Saturday.\
\
Alright, everybody. So just to give you some context, on Tuesday, we're gonna be talking more about kinda marketing. Stuff. We're gonna be talking a lot about social media and brand and design, that sort of stuff, landing pages.\
\
So all that sort of stuff I'm talking about on Tuesday, Also, I will be announcing a change in how we're going to pick the winner of the 100K.\
\
We're trying to do something that's we think is a little bit more fair other than just picking the top 32 from the leaderboard.\
\
We think the leaderboard is really, really cool. And really really motivating for some people, but it's kinda weird. It's like you only then only projects that have really really high growth win. I don't think that's how it should be.\
\
Some projects may move a little bit slower and but they're still really really cool. So we're gonna talk about that on Tuesday and hopefully we have a much more fair way of picking the top 32 and the hundred k winner.\
\
Because we want it to be fun. Also, just so you all know, you will be partially deciding who the winner of the hundred k is. You, the audience. So it's not just gonna be our decision.\
\
It's actually gonna be a combo decision of all of us. It's gonna be fun. But more on that on Tuesday. So again, on Tuesday, we're gonna be talking more about brand, social and landing pages and it's gonna be fun. It's gonna be week 5.\
\
So week 5 is like Week 5, I think, is like 1 of the final hardcore weeks where you actually have to run build launch measure learn loop again and then week 6 is generally A little bit more about like pitching, like how do you talk about what you're working on.\
\
And that's kinda what we're doing week 6, but That's it. That's week 4.\
\
That's week 5 is next week and week 6 it's over. Week 6 it's over. Real quick, press 1 if you booked your trip to SF Press 2 if you booked your trip to Dubai, and press 3 if you still gotta book it, but you haven't done it yet.\
\
I'm curious. We have so many people coming in for a for a for a Dubai and I said it's crazy.\
\
If you're pressing 3 right now, please please please get in immediately I think we were almost at capacity for SF and then for for for Dubai we're like halfway halfway there.\
\
So or like 40 percent there. So please please please book immediately. Hey, rocks. Feel free to DM me after, man. I I am happy to help you with that problem. I have you have a couch in Mountain View, and you would love to host.\
\
Hey, there you go. Alright everybody. Thank you so much for coming out today. That was fun. I hope it was useful, and I will see you all on Tuesday. Get y'all around. Bye.}